#  list_of_all_questa_error_codes.txt
#  published as part of https://github.com/pConst/basic_verilog
#  Konstantin Pavlov, pavlovconst@gmail.com


common Message # 1:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 2:
A call to the specified C library function failed. This message might be
followed by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 3:
The specified system call failed. This message might be followed
by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 4:
Not enough memory was available when a memory allocation was requested.
If this message was displayed during simulation, check for the following
conditions to determine where a large amount of memory allocation might
be occurring:
  o Large signal or variable arrays in VHDL
  o Large memories in Verilog
  o Excessive memory use by textio
    (readline or writeline not being called to deallocate lines)
  o Excessive use of VHDL access types where memory is not being freed
  o FLI or PLI code that is allocating a lot of memory
  o Rescheduling of the same event(s) that causes event cancellation
    without advancing time to the point of the cancelled events
You can use the simulator command "mti_kcmd memstats" at various
points during simulation to help determine when excessive memory
allocation occurs.
Things you can do that may be helpful:
  o Use the memory locking feature on HP-UX or the memory sharing
    feature on Solaris.
  o Use the 64-bit version of QuestaSim.
  o Increase the size of your swap space.
  o Add memory to your machine.
  o In the case of event cancellation, you can use the QuestaSim GUI
    to step through your HDL code to see if the same statements are
    being executed without time being advanced to the point where the
    previously cancelled events would have occurred. Cancelled events
    are not removed from the time queue until their scheduled time is
    reached, thus the memory allocated for cancelled events is not
    freed until that time.


common Message # 5:
This message occurs when an attempt is made to use an invalid pointer
or a previously deallocated pointer.
The most common cause of this problem is an incorrect use of TextIO
objects and functions. In the following example:
  line_out2 := line_out1;
  writeline( output1, line_out1 );
  writeline( output2, line_out2 );
line_out1 and line_out2 are set to point to the same allocated memory.
The first writeline function deallocates the memory pointed to by
line_out1, thereby also deallocating the memory pointed to by line_out2.
The second writeline function then fails. To write the same output to
two files, use the following statement to copy the line:
  line_out2 := new string'(line_out1.all);


common Message # 6:
Another process has placed a lock on this library.  Either that process
is still ongoing, or it has terminated abnormally leaving a lockfile
that must be removed before continuing.


common Message # 7:
A problem occurred while trying to open the specified file in the
specified mode. Verify that the path exists and that you have the
correct permissions in the directory. Also, if any environment variables
were used in the original specification of the filename, make sure that
they are set to valid values.
If required, consider specifying Verilog source library directory with '-y <path>'
This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


common Message # 8:
A problem occurred while trying to read the specified file.
This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


common Message # 9:
A problem occurred while trying to write the specified file. Verify that
there is space left on the disk where the file is attempting to be written.
QuestaSim writes to /tmp, the current directory, and to the work directory.
Make sure that space is available in each of these locations.
This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


common Message # 10:
A problem occurred while trying to close the specified file.
This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


common Message # 11:
The specified design unit could not be found in the specified library.
Verify that the library exists and that the design unit has been
compiled into it.


common Message # 12:
The second design unit has changed (or something that it depends upon
has changed), requiring it to be recompiled. Since the first design
unit depends on the second one, the first design unit must be recompiled
after the second one has been recompiled.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 13:
The second design unit, upon which the first design unit depends, has
changed and has been recompiled; therefore, the first design unit must
be recompiled.


common Message # 14:
The ini file indicated by the specified environment variable could not
be found or opened; therefore, the default ini file is used. Verify that
the ini file path is specified correctly, that it exists, and that you
have read permission. This message might be followed by another message
that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 15:
A logical library name must be mapped to a physical directory path in
order to avoid problems that can occur with a circular dependency or
with a mapping to a name that is both a logical name and a physical name.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vmap command]


common Message # 16:
The 'others' clause in the specified ini file refers to that same ini
file. The 'others' clause should be changed to refer to another ini file
or it should be removed.


common Message # 17:
A chain of one or more 'others' clauses in ini files eventually refers
back to a file at the beginning of the chain. An example of this is:
the 'others' clause in modelsim.ini refers to a.ini whose 'others'
clause refers to b.ini whose 'others' clause refers back to
modelsim.ini. Fix the 'others' clauses so that they do not create a
circular dependency.


common Message # 18:
The path/file that is pointed to by MGC_LOCATION_MAP does not exist or
cannot be accessed. Verify that MGC_LOCATION_MAP is set correctly, that
it includes the name of the location map file, that the path and file
exist, and that you have the correct permissions for access. This message
might be followed by another message that gives more information about the
problem.


common Message # 19:
The specified library could not be accessed at the specified location.
Verify that the directories in the path exist and have the proper access
permissions and that the "_info" file (with proper access permissions)
exists.  This message might be preceded or followed by another message
that gives more information about the problem.

The vlib command creates a QuestaSim library.  The vmap command creates
the map from a logical library name to the physical library (directory).
Use the vmap command without arguments to find out how all the libraries
are mapped.  In the absence of a mapping, the library is searched for in
the current working directory.

One way this problem can occur is if the mapping for the library in your
modelsim.ini file contains an environment variable that is not set
in your environment.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 20:
The specified access cannot be made to the specified file. Verify that
the file exists and that you have the correct permissions for accessing
it. This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


common Message # 21:
The value of the specified environment variable could not be found.
Verify that the environment variable is actually set.


common Message # 22:
A call to getcwd() failed. Verify that you have read permission at each
directory level in the path to your current working directory. If the
full pathname of your current working directory is longer than the
specified maximum path length, then contact at http://supportnet.mentor.com to report this error.


common Message # 23:
A call to chdir() failed for the specified path. Verify that the path
exists and that you have the correct permissions to access this
directory. This message might be followed by another message that gives
more information about the problem.


common Message # 24:
A call to getcwd() for the specified path failed. Verify that you have
read permission at each directory level in this path. If the full
pathname of this path is longer than the specified maximum path length,
then contact at http://supportnet.mentor.com to report this error.


common Message # 25:
The specified library does not contain an accessible _info file,
therefore it cannot be referenced as a QuestaSim library. Verify that
the library has been created with the vlib command and that you have
the correct permissions for accessing it. This message might be
followed by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 26:
A call to lseek() failed on the specified file. This message might be
followed by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 27:
A call to mmap() failed on the specified file. This message might be
followed by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 28:
A call to the specified function failed on the specified file. This
message might be followed by another message that gives more information
about the problem.

Here are some things to check:
o  Is another process writing to or deleting the file that you are
   trying to read/write/create?
o  Are you trying to create/write a file to a disk that is almost full?
o  Are you experiencing a timeout due to accessing a file across a
   network?
o  Are you trying to create/write a very large file (around 2 Gig or
   more)?  If so, is your system configured for large file support?


common Message # 29:
A call to stat() failed on the specified file. Verify that the file
exists and that you have the correct access permission for all
directories in the path. This message might be followed by another
message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 30:
A lock file could not be created at the specified location because the
maximum number of files is already locked.


common Message # 31:
An unlink() on the specified file failed. This message might be followed
by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 32:
The specified design unit is not of the expected type. Verify that you
have specified the correct design unit name and that the design unit
is of an appropriate type for the operation that you are trying to
perform.


common Message # 33:
Under Windows, file names of the form aux, con, nul, prn, aux.*, con.*,
nul.*, and prn.* are reserved for use by the OS; therefore, a QuestaSim
library cannot be created with this type of name.


common Message # 34:
The specified library cannot be created because it already exists.


common Message # 35:
A problem occurred while trying to create the specified directory.
Verify that the path up to the new directory exists, that you have the
correct permissions along the full path, and that you have enough disk
space. This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


common Message # 36:
In order for sm_entity to access a SmartModel, the libsm entry and one
of the libswift entries in the [lmc] section of the specified project
file must be uncommented.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Logic Modeling SmartModels chapter]


common Message # 37:
In order for hm_entity to access a hardware model, the libhm entry and
one of the libsfi entries in the [lmc] section of the specified project
file must be uncommented.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Logic Modeling hardware models chapter]


common Message # 40:
Attempting to change the maximum name length for the contents of a
library is not permitted.  Once a library has been created with
-dos/-short or with -unix/-long, this aspect of the library is
permanent.


common Message # 41:
There was a problem when trying to rename the specified path in the
specified mode. Make sure that the path exists and that you have the
correct permissions in the directory. This message might be followed
by another message that gives more information about the problem.


common Message # 42:
The indicated library exists, but the format of the library is not
supported by this version of QuestaSim. This was probably caused by
a more recent installation of QuestaSim being used to create a library
that is not backward-compatible with the version of QuestaSim currently
in use.


common Message # 43:
This feature is not supported in this version of the product.
It may require a separate license or a different version.


common Message # 44:
A problem occurred while trying to create the specified file. Verify
that the path exists and that you have the correct permissions in the
directory. Also, if any environment variables were used in the original
specification of the filename, make sure that they are set to valid
values. This message might be followed by another message that gives
more information about the problem.


common Message # 45:
All SystemC modules to be instantiated by HDL design units should be
exported using the SC_MODULE_EXPORT macro.


common Message # 46:
Either the port size is based on a generic value or the port type is not
supported at the SystemC-HDL boundary. Please refer to the User's Manual
for details on the supported port types.


common Message # 47:
vmake does not support SystemC modules.


common Message # 48:
Check your QuestaSim installation and make sure your path is set to
point to the correct location of QuestaSim.


common Message # 49:
vdel currently does not support deletion of individual SystemC design units.
Use vdel -allsystemc to delete all SystemC design unit in a given library.


common Message # 50:
QuestaSim uses the system() call to produce intermediate output.
The system() call has failed. Please check the logfile for further
information.


common Message # 51:
QuestaSim uses the system() call to produce intermediate output.
The system() call appears to have succeeded, but the expected output
file does not exist. Usually this means that the command that was
executed failed in some way, but did not return a non-zero exit status.
The following directories may be used to write temporary files.
Check if these directories have enough disk space:
	o $TMPDIR
	o P_tmpdir
	o current working directory


common Message # 52:
An attempt to suppress a message or change its severity level failed
because the message number does not correspond to a message in the
message system.


common Message # 53:
An attempt to suppress an error message  or change its severity level
failed because  the error message is not suppressible/downgradable.
If the message needs to be suppressed/downgraded  then please contact
http://supportnet.mentor.com to file an enhancement request. It may not
be possible to suppress some messages.


common Message # 54:
The total number of unnamed optimized designs that this library can hold
must be set to an integer value from 1 to 32000.


common Message # 55:
Please specify only one scalar type and one vector type.


common Message # 56:
The dependency file generated by the "vopt" tool has either been
removed, is for an older version of the tool or has been corrupted.
Normally re-running vopt on the design will recreate this file and
solve the issue.


common Message # 57:
The specified library cannot be found or is not valid.  Verify that the
library pathname exists, that it has been created with the "vlib"
command, and that you have the correct permissions for accessing it.


common Message # 58:
The specified design unit is missing its version string from the
"_info" file in the library that contains it.  Normally, re-compiling
the design unit will fix the problem.


common Message # 59:
The specified design unit has been recompiled since the last run of
"vopt".  By default the design will be re-optimized before a new
simulation is run.


common Message # 60:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 61:
Inherited verification unit has not been defined.


common Message # 62:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 63:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 64:
The execution of the 0in command failed. Please check the
associated error log for more details.


common Message # 65:
-0in_options needs an additional argument. Please pass the options needed
for the 0in tools with the -0in_options and make sure to have the options in quotes.


common Message # 66:
The execution of the executable mentioned in the error message failed. Please
check if the expected arguments were being passed to the executable.


common Message # 67:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 68:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 69:
A typedef with a hierarchical name is required to reference a simple
type identifier within a directly visible interface.
[DOC: IEEE P-180 LRM - Section 4.9


common Message # 70:
Compilation of the C/C++ src files failed. Please check the error log for more details


common Message # 71:
Creation of qv_dpi.so failed. Please check the error log for more details.


common Message # 72:
The built-in library referenced by the optimized design has changed since
it was originally created.  Normally this means the QuestaSim installation
directory has changed, or that design-units have been modified or removed
from the built-in QuestaSim libraries.  Typically this should not occur, but
in the event of getting this error, the design needs to be re-optimized
with the "vopt" tool.


common Message # 73:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 74:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 75:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 76:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 77:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 78:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 79:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 80:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 81:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 82:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 83:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 84:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 85:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 86:
Some functions in packages ieee.numeric_bit and ieee.numeric_std have
formals of type NATURAL.  When calling the accelerated versions of these
functions, the bounds checking that would normally occur had the
original VHDL source been called is not performed.  This message occurs
when such bounds checking would have produced a fatal error message, so
that the simulation can continue.
The severity of this message can be changed to modify this behavior.
The setting of the INI file variable NumericStdNoWarnings has no
influence on this message.


common Message # 87:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 88:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 89:
Could not verify the operating system being run. Check the QuestaSim
release notes for a list of supported operating systems.


common Message # 90:
Check your QuestaSim installation or set your path to point to the
correct location of QuestaSim.


common Message # 91:
GNU compilers are not supported on HP-UX. Set the compiler path
to point to the aCC compiler instead.


common Message # 92:
Detected improperly formed CppPath variable in modelsim.ini.
Point directly at a compiler executable, such as /usr/bin/g++.


common Message # 93:
QuestaSim requires that aCC version 3.45 be installed at /opt/aCC in order
to run SystemC designs on HP-UX. Install the compiler.


common Message # 94:
The current operating system is not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 95:
QuestaSim's SystemC requires that you use a pre-configured g++ compiler.
Your installation directory is missing the compiler installation.
Download and install the appropriate tarball from the ftp site.


common Message # 96:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 97:
This error may be the result of using an uninitialized object handle,
access type, or dynamic array.  Try using the tb command or view the
callstack window to see where the error occurred.


common Message # 98:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 100:
Real literal syntax requires that a dot (decimal or base point) be
present in the mantissa.  A real literal with no dot (i.e., an integer
literal) is accepted but is not LRM-compliant.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 13.4.1 Decimal literals]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


common Message # 101:
Real literal syntax requires that the dot (decimal or base point) be
between two digits.  A dot as the first character of a real literal is
accepted but is not LRM-compliant.


common Message # 102:
Real literal syntax requires that the dot (decimal or base point) be
between two digits.  A dot as the last character of a real literal is
accepted but is not LRM-compliant.


common Message # 103:
A newline character was found embedded in an extended identifier.
Since a newline character is a non-graphic character that is also a
separator, it is treated as terminating the extended identifier just as
the expected final backslash character would have been.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

common Message # 104:
No characters were found between the initial and terminal backslash
characters that delineate the extended identifier.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

common Message # 105:
Only graphic characters are allowed between the initial and terminal
backslash characters that delineate an extended identifier.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

common Message # 106:
No characters were found after the initial backslash character that
begins an escaped identifier.


common Message # 107:
An escaped identifier must contain only printable characters.


common Message # 108:
No terminating backslash character was found when parsing an extended
identifier.


common Message # 109:
Abstract literal syntax requires that a dot (decimal or base point),
when it appears, be between two digits.


common Message # 110:
Abstract literal syntax requires that an underline character, when it
appears, be between two digits.


common Message # 111:
No digits or extended digits were present when parsing a number
appearing in a abstract literal.


common Message # 112:
Number appearing in an abstract literal must terminate with a digit.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 113:
Based literal syntax requires that the mantissa part be bracketed by
an initial and terminating '#' or ':' character; both occurrences must
be the same.


common Message # 114:
[13.4.1 Decimal literals], line 196:
  An exponent for an integer literal must not have a minus sign.
[13.4.2 Based literals], line 220:
  An exponent for a based integer literal must not have a minus sign.


common Message # 115:
The syntax does not allow a decimal point in the digits of the
exponent part of an abstract literal, and there is no other legal
interpretation that allows a decimal point where it was found.


common Message # 116:
The digit is not legal in the literal in which it appears because its
value is greater than or equal to the base of the literal.


common Message # 117:
The digit found in an abstract literal is neither a digit nor an
extended digit.


common Message # 118:
[13.4.2 Based literals], line 205:
  The base must be at least two and at most sixteen.


common Message # 119:
The integer value cannot be contained in a signed 32-bit integer.


common Message # 120:
The number of elements referenced in an unpacked array concatenation
must match the size of the array it is assigned to.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 121:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 122:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 123:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 124:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 125:
The shared library has been built on a machine incompatible with
the current machine. Please use compatible machines to compile, link,
and simulate the design.


common Message # 129:
QuestaSim uses the system() call to produce intermediate output.
The system() call has failed. Please check the logfile for further
information.


common Message # 130:
During a constructor call, the methods that are visible to the constructor
are defined by only the static base classes of the type.  A pure virtual method
that is overridden by a later derivation does not have that override available
during the constructor call.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 131:
This error is the results of using an uninitialized object handle,
access type, or dynamic array.  Try using the tb command or view the
callstack window to see where the error occurred.  Look for handles
with a null value.


common Message # 132:
Refer to QuestaSim User's Guide for a list of supported field types for
structures used at the SystemC-HDL mixed language boundary.


common Message # 133:
An rmdir() on the specified directory failed. This message might be
followed by another message that gives more information about the
problem.


common Message # 134:
The automatically generated optimized design is locked by a user currently
running vsim.  The filename will have a suffix named "__lock", and can
be examined further to determine if the lock is still valid.


common Message # 135:
Based literals are always interpreted as positive numbers. In this case, the
literal which was given in binary, octal, or hex is too large to
be represented as a positive integer but can represent a negative value.


common Message # 138:
The right "error_handling" cannot be used in an expression that defines the
value of some other right.


common Message # 139:
Every right has a set of conditions that can be used in an expression that
defines the value for the right.  The condition used is not in this set.
Here are descriptions for all the rights that are recognized by QuestaSim:
  RIGHT:          decryption
  CONDITIONS:     license() license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated true false
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated

  RIGHT:          error_handling
  CONDITIONS:     activity toolphase message_severity license()
                  license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated srcrefs plaintext
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated

  RIGHT:          runtime_visibility
  CONDITIONS:     activity license() license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated interface_names all_names
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated

  RIGHT:          child_visibility
  CONDITIONS:     activity license() license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated allowed denied
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated


common Message # 140:
Every right has a set of legal values.  The value computed for the right was
not legal for the right; the value "delegated" will be used for this right
instead.
Here are descriptions for all the rights that are recognized by QuestaSim:
  RIGHT:          decryption
  CONDITIONS:     license() license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated true false
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated

  RIGHT:          error_handling
  CONDITIONS:     activity toolphase message_severity license()
                  license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated srcrefs plaintext
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated

  RIGHT:          runtime_visibility
  CONDITIONS:     activity license() license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated interface_names all_names
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated

  RIGHT:          child_visibility
  CONDITIONS:     activity license() license_string()
  LEGAL VALUES:   delegated allowed denied
  DEFAULT VALUE:  delegated


common Message # 141:
Detected improper path passed with the -cpppath option to sccom
Point directly at a compiler executable, such as /usr/bin/g++.


common Message # 142:
vmake does not support SystemC modules. Pass the -ignore <du> option to
get rid of the warning message.


common Message # 143:
Reports number of FSMs recognized in design unit.


common Message # 144:
Unable to get the compiler version string for the compiler.
Make sure the compiler being used is a valid and supported
compiler as specified in the Users Guide.


common Message # 145:
A problem occurred while trying to open the specified file in the
specified mode. This file is used for some internal elaboration technique
Try to suppress this error and run the design


common Message # 146:
The SDF file specified is attempting to annotate to a region under a SystemC instances.
Using compiled SDF in this manner is unsupported in the current version
of the simulator.  To apply SDF to such a region you should use the normal
options on vsim (e.g. -sdftyp) with -novopt. You may however, annotate to
Verilog and VHDL instances underneath a SystemC instance by directly targeting
those HDL instance. It is the specification of a SystemC instance as the
annotation point that is not supported.


common Message # 147:
An uncompiled sdf file was encountered and an attempt to automatically compile
the file failed because of write permissions.  Typically compiled sdf output
is placed next to the sdf source file with a .csdf file extension and can
be reused by all simulations.  In this case the compiled output file is placed
in a temporary file that will be deleted after simulation completes.


common Message # 148:
A compiled sdf file was found not to have the correct delay mode or delay scale
to allow it to be used.  Typically compiled sdf output is placed next to the
sdf source file with the delay mode in the file name and a .csdf file extension.
In this case the compiled output file was found to exist but on further examination
it was found to be incompatible.  The SDF source file is being recompiled replacing
the output file.


common Message # 149:
The library may have been created by a more recent version of QuestaSim/Questa.


common Message # 150:
An attempt to suppress the warning message failed because the message
<CODE> does not correspond to a category of messages in the message
system.


common Message # 151:
The function ieee.TO_INTEGER[unsigned RETURN natural] in the packages
ieee.numeric_bit and ieee.numeric_std internally accumulates its result
in a NATURAL variable.  At any point during the conversion, if the value
of that variable no longer belongs to subtype NATURAL (because of the
nature of integer computation in the base INTEGER type), then a fatal
error will be produced from original VHDL source.  Instead of having the
accelerated version of this function (from which this message occurs)
faithfully reproduce this fatal error (which will always stop a running
simulation and render it un-continuable), this computational overflow is
treated as a warning (by default) because some customers have found it
useful that the conversion continue and return a value that reflects the
value of the 32 least-significant bits of the input.  This message can
occur from accelerated versions of these functions:
   ieee.numeric_bit.TO_INTEGER[unsigned RETURN natural]
   ieee.numeric_bit.TO_INTEGER[signed RETURN integer]
   ieee.numeric_std.TO_INTEGER[unsigned RETURN natural]
   ieee.numeric_std.TO_INTEGER[signed RETURN integer]
because the would-be fatal error occurs in the unsigned version, and
because the signed version calls the unsigned version.
The severity of this message can be changed to modify this behavior.
The setting of the INI file variable NumericStdNoWarnings has no
influence on this message.


common Message # 152:
The LRM explicitly states that default generate block names cannot be used in
hierarchical references.


common Message # 153:
The PSL subset operator was not supplied with correct type of operand.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 154:
The PSL subset operator was not supplied with correct type of operand.
The design unit cannot be simulated.


common Message # 155:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 156:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 157:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 158:
The value does not belong to the range defined by the range constraint
of the scalar subtype.


common Message # 159:
The mode options -32 and -64 are supported only by a set of programs.
The mode options must be specified directly on the command line. Mode options
specified in command files are ignored.


common Message # 160:
This error is the results of calling an undefined foreign function.
Try looking for an earlier warning message about failing to find user-specified
function of the same name. Try using the tb command or view the callstack window
to see where the error occurred.


common Message # 161:
Cannot specify -cppinstall and -cpppath to sccom/vopt/vsim on the same command line.
CppPath and CppInstall modelsim.ini variables cannot be specified at the same time.


common Message # 162:
The specified GNU compiler is not installed or is not supported.
For a list of supported GNU compiler(s) refer to the Users Guide.


common Message # 163:
Empty sequences of the form [*0] cannot have attached match items.


common Message # 164:
Directory specified does not exist. If TMPDIR is intended to be set to the
missing directory, make sure that the directory exists and is accessible with
the correct permissions.
Default algorithm will set the TMPDIR value to the predefined macro P_tmpdir in the
standard C-library. If that is not accessible as well, temporary files will be created
in the current working directory.


common Message # 165:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 166:
Failed to load a Preoptimized Design Unit created using -pdu.
Several reasons for this may exist.  For example the dependency file generated
by the "vopt" tool could not be found or was generated by an older tool
version. Normally re-running vopt on the design will recreate the PDU and
solve the issue.  It is also possible that the physical path to a library
containing a PDU no longer points to the library. This can occur in a nested
PDU (a PDU containing a PDU). This is due to a PDU fixing all logical
references (including library mappings) to physical references below it.
Soft links can be used to resolve these physical links if necessary.


common Message # 167:
Starting in 10.1, objects previously refered to as Black-Boxes/Bboxes
will be refered to as Preoptimized Design Units or PDUs. The command
line option switches have been changed to reflect this name change.


common Message # 168:
When a time value is given that is smaller then the current
simulation resolution, the value is truncated to 0 and no run occurred.
Rerun the simulation using a smaller resolution value.


common Message # 169:
The value specified as the type of the library was invalid.  Valid values
are "directory", "archive" or "flat".


common Message # 170:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 171:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 172:
When using the command-line options -note, -warning, -error, -suppress, or -msglimit
additional options are required, for example:
	-suppress <msgNumber>[,<msgNumber>...]


common Message # 173:
A single-quoted string can occur anywhere in an argument file outside
of a commented region.  A single quoted-string can span multiple
lines, but it must be terminated before the end of the argument
file.


common Message # 174:
The behavior of an embedded newline in an argument file is not defined.


common Message # 175:
Parsing arguments file was terminated because recursion was detected while
expanding it. An example of recursion is:
vlog -f filelist
where filelist1 contains:
   -f filelist2
and filelist2 contains:
   -f filelist3
and filelist3 contains:
   -f filelist4
and filelist4 contains:
   -f filelist1


common Message # 176:
An unexpected version number was encountered when opening a library.
This library must be converted to the current library version for this release.


common Message # 177:
Root causes of stack overflow issues may include a function/task call with deep
recursion, or an automatic function/task using large size formal/local variables, or a
combination of the two. It is recommended that the root cause of the issue in the source
code be identified and recoded. The error message may already contain the call stack
information. If not, please check whether a vsim_stacktrace.vstf is generated, and if available
send it to support for analysis. A quick workaround is to change your shell's stack size limit
by setting it to a number bigger than the required size mentioned in the error message.
Try using shell command 'limit stacksize <bigger-value>' to increase the stack size.


common Message # 178:
A potential heap corruption issue has been detected due to excessive stack usage. If you
are working in 32-bit mode, you can move to 64-bit mode to get around this problem.
Ideally you can reduce stack usage by reworking your source code. The error message
may already contain the call stack information.


common Message # 179:
This version of this operating system is no longer supported.


common Message # 180:
-msglimit flag can be given with one of the options '-all' or '-none'.
Use '<executable> -help' for complete usage.


common Message # 181:
The format of the message identifier could not be recognized.


common Message # 182:
-stats option syntax is not specified correctly.


common Message # 183:
"-stats" arguments provided after -R option are ignored.


common Message # 184:
An internal error occurred in the tool. Please contact customer support for further assistance.


common Message # 185:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 186:
Full support for $countbits functions inside constraint block is not implemented at this time.
$countbits functions with rand control args or functions with more than 2 args are not supported.


common Message # 187:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 188:
UDP expression coverage has been deprecated.
It will no longer be supported in future releases.


common Message # 189:
After a message ID reaches its message reporting limit, message is suppressed
internally by the tool. Limit can be controlled with -msglimitcount option.


common Message # 190:
The text of this message depends on the message call site.


common Message # 191:
Questa has encountered an unexpected internal error.
Please contact Questa support at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


common Message # 192:
UDP expression coverage has been deprecated and will be removed in future releases.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

common Message # 193:
Questa has encountered an unexpected internal error.
Please contact Questa support at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


common Message # 194:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 195:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 196:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 197:
There is no additional information for this message.


common Message # 198:
The indicated feature is under restricted access and requires an additional level
of authorization for its use. Authorized users should have been provided with a
text key and instructions for its use.


common Message # 199:
The switch is deprecated and ignored. It will be removed in future releases.


common Message # 200:
+cover options can not be used with +flcov options.


common Message # 201:
e|c coverage types are not supported in Falcon coverage.


common Message # 202:
With +flcov option, only FSM, Toggle, Statement and Branch coverage would be enabled.
Rest of the coverage metrics is not supported in Falcon coverage.


common Message # 203:
There are +flcov and +noflcov options specified for some region in the design.
Check vlog/vcom/vopt options to verify.


common Message # 204:
Specified option cannot be specified with "-fprofile".


common Message # 205:
This feature is not production switch in this version of the product.
Please contact Questa support at http://supportnet.mentor.com to request the access key.


common Message # 206:
The specified directory should not contain any files when this operation
is attempted. This warning will become an unsuppressible error in a future
release when the Questa library format changes. Files and directories
that do not originate from Questa tools should not be placed within with
a Questa library object.


common Message # 207:
Fprof operation failed - Internal use only


common Message # 208:
Fprof operation failed - Internal use only


common Message # 209:
Fprof operation failed - Internal use only


common Message # 210:
Fprof operation failed - Internal use only


common Message # 211:
Logfile cannot be decompressed without .gz extension


vcom Message # 1001:
For the -skip and -just options, one or more of the following design
unit indications must be specified:
  e or E - entities
  a or A - architectures
  p or P - packages
  b or B - package bodies
  c or C - configurations
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom command]


vcom Message # 1002:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a generic map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether
default or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal
generics, a default generic map aspect is assumed within that binding
indication.  The default generic map aspect associates each local
generic (if any) of the component declaration corresponding to the
component instantiation with a formal of the same simple name.  It is
an error if such a formal does not exist or if its mode and type are
not appropriate for such an association.

This message will be displayed as a warning if the entity is being
used in a default binding; an elaboration error will occur if this
default binding is used when loading the design.  If the default
binding will not be used because an explicit binding in an applicable
component configuration is used instead, then this warning can be
ignored.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 1.


vcom Message # 1003:
No more than the specified number of -noaccel options can be specified.
All -noaccel options encountered after the limit is reached are ignored.


vcom Message # 1004:
Design unit dependencies have changed since the last time this design
unit was compiled, therefore it should be recompiled instead of
refreshed. You can force the design unit to be refreshed by using the
-force_refresh option but this might result in incorrect simulation.


vcom Message # 1005:
An fseek() on the source file being copied to the specified destination
file failed. This message might be followed by another message that
gives more information about the problem.


vcom Message # 1006:
An fread() on the source file being copied to the specified destination
file unexpectedly encountered an end-of-file condition. This message
might be followed by another message that gives more information about
the problem.


vcom Message # 1007:
An fread() on the source file being copied to the specified destination
file failed. This message might be followed by another message that
gives more information about the problem.


vcom Message # 1008:
An fwrite() on the specified file failed. This message might be followed
by another message that gives more information about the problem.


vcom Message # 1009:
The array bounds of the result of the implicit "&" operator are being
computed using the 1993 rules because the 1987 rules are untenable.
This may be important when this result is used as the actual to a
subprogram call (when the formal is an unconstrained array type)
because the formal takes on the bounds of the actual.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges]


vcom Message # 1010:
The slice is a null slice if the direction of the discrete range is not
the same as that of the object denoted by the prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]
This was changed to an error in VHDL 1993, see message #1012.


vcom Message # 1011:
It is impossible to create a null slice (see warning message #1010) when
the bounds of the discrete range are identical.


vcom Message # 1012:
It is an error if the direction of the discrete range of a slice name
is not the same as that of the index range of the array denoted by the
prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vcom Message # 1013:
The value of a signal is not defined until after the design hierarchy is
elaborated. Use of the signal name in a declarative item is prohibited
because the value is undefined until the entire design has been
elaborated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3 Elaboration of a declarative part]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.4.1 General]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1014:
When the expression is of an array type, the length of the array must
be known at compile time.  The simulator is less restrictive than the
LRM requires as long as the array length of the expression can be
determined in the compiler.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 8.8 Case statement:

  If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type, then
  the expression must be one of the following:
    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype

  It is an error if the element subtype of the one-dimensional character
  array type is not a locally static subtype.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1015:
Array index values are represented as 32-bit signed integers.
Computation of an index value has resulted in an overflow; that is, the
index value cannot be represented in 32 bits.  This can occur when
an array type has an index subtype of INTEGER and a null array value of
this type has been computed.


vcom Message # 1016:
Cannot form an expanded name whose prefix denotes an ENTITY and whose
suffix denotes a named entity in a corresponding ARCHITECTURE BODY of
that ENTITY.
The rules for expanded names require that if the prefix denotes some
named construct, only declarations that appear immediately and textually
within the declarative region of that construct are visible by selection;
such an expanded name can appear only within the construct denoted by the
prefix itself.
VHDL 2008 relaxes this rule so that a prefix that is an ENTITY name can
be used with a suffix that denotes a named entity in the corresponding
ARCHITECTURE body; use compiler switch -2008 in this situation.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 6.3 Selected names, line 104
IEEE Std 1076-2008  8.3 Selected names

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1017:
The <entity>(<architecture>) portion of a +acc option design unit
specification has bad syntax or is missing an identifier.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom command]


vcom Message # 1018:
The rules for a VHDL 1987 function subprogram require that any signal
or variable (or any member of thereof) referenced in it be declared in
the declarative region of the function.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram Bodies]


vcom Message # 1019:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 6.5 Slice names, line 193:
  The prefix of a slice must be appropriate for a one-dimensional
  array object.


vcom Message # 1020:
VHDL syntax requires exactly one formal part in an association element
when formal part is present.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 433:
    association_element ::=
      [ formal_part => ] actual_part

    formal_part ::=
        formal_designator
      | function_name ( formal_designator )
      | type_mark ( formal_designator )


vcom Message # 1021:
IEEE Std 1076-1987, 4.3.3.2 Association Lists, page 4-11:
    formal_part ::=
        formal_designator
      | function_name ( formal_designator )

Syntax for the formal part does not allow a type conversion;
this capability was added for VHDL 1993.


vcom Message # 1022:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 435:
    formal_part ::=
        formal_designator
      | function_name ( formal_designator )
      | type_mark ( formal_designator )

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 503:
  A formal [designator] may be either an explicitly declared interface
  object or member (see Section 3) of such an interface object.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, Section 3 Types, line 37:
  A member of an object is either
      -- A slice of the object
      -- A subelement of the object
      -- A slice of a subelement of the object.


vcom Message # 1023:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 459:
  Named associations can be given in any order, but if both positional
  and named associations appear in the same association list, then all
  positional associations must appear first and at their normal
  position. Hence once a named association is used, the rest of the
  association list must use only named associations.


vcom Message # 1024:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 508:
  Each association element that associates a slice or subelement
  (or slice thereof) of an interface object must identify the formal
  with a locally static name.


vcom Message # 1025:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.1.2 Generic map and port map aspects, line 295:
  No scalar formal may be associated with more than one actual. No
  scalar subelement of any composite formal may be associated more than
  once in the same association list.
Similarly at lines 303 and 307.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.3 Function calls, line 465:
  For each formal parameter of a function, a function call must specify
  exactly one corresponding actual parameter. This actual parameter is
  specified either explicitly, by an association element (other than the
  actual part OPEN) in the association list or, in the absence of such
  and association element, by a default expression (see 4.3.2).
Similarly in 8.6 Procedure call statement, line 381 for procedure calls.


vcom Message # 1026:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 503:
  A formal may be either an explicitly declared interface object or
  member (see Section 3) of such an interface object. In the former
  case, such a formal is said to be associated in whole. In the latter
  cases, named association must be used to associate the formal and
  actual; the subelements of such a formal are said to be associated
  individually. Furthermore, every scalar subelement of the explicitly
  declared interface object must be associated exactly once with an
  actual (or subelement thereof) in the same association list, and all
  such associations must appear in a contiguous sequence within that
  association list.


vcom Message # 1027:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 453:
  Each association element in an association list associates one actual
  designator with the corresponding interface element in the interface
  list of a subprogram declaration, component declaration, entity
  declaration, or block statement. The corresponding interface element
  is determined either by position or name.


vcom Message # 1028:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.1.2 Generic map and port map aspects, line 295:
  No scalar formal may be associated with more than one actual. No
  scalar subelement of any composite formal may be associated more than
  once in the same association list.
Similarly at lines 303 and 307.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.3 Function calls, line 465:
  For each formal parameter of a function, a function call must specify
  exactly one corresponding actual parameter. This actual parameter is
  specified either explicitly, by an association element (other than the
  actual part OPEN) in the association list or, in the absence of such
  and association element, by a default expression (see 4.3.2).
Similarly in 8.6 Procedure call statement, line 381 for procedure calls.


vcom Message # 1029:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 6.5 Slice names, line 193:
  The prefix of a slice must be appropriate for a one-dimensional
  array object.


vcom Message # 1030:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 115:
  If an actual signal is associated with a signal parameter of any mode,
  and if the type of the formal is a scalar type, then it is an error if
  the bounds and direction of the subtype denoted by the subtype
  indication of the formal are not identical to the bounds and direction
  of the subtype denoted by the subtype indication of the actual.


vcom Message # 1031:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.1 Generics, line 74:
  It is an error if no actual is specified for a given formal generic
  and no default expression is present in the corresponding interface
  element.


vcom Message # 1032:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 511:
  If an interface element in an interface list includes a default
  expression for a formal generic, for a formal port of any mode other
  than LINKAGE, or for a formal variable or constant parameter of mode
  IN, then any corresponding association list need not include an
  association element for that interface element. If the association
  element is not included, or if the actual OPEN is given, then the
  value of the default expression is used as the actual expression or
  signal value in an implicit association element for that interface
  element.


vcom Message # 1033:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 511:
  If an interface element in an interface list includes a default
  expression for a formal generic, for a formal port of any mode other
  than LINKAGE, or for a formal variable or constant parameter of mode
  IN, then any corresponding association list need not include an
  association element for that interface element. If the association
  element is not included, or if the actual OPEN is given, then the
  value of the default expression is used as the actual expression or
  signal value in an implicit association element for that interface
  element.


vcom Message # 1034:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 511:
  If an interface element in an interface list includes a default
  expression for a formal generic, for a formal port of any mode other
  than LINKAGE, or for a formal variable or constant parameter of mode
  IN, then any corresponding association list need not include an
  association element for that interface element. If the association
  element is not included, or if the actual OPEN is given, then the
  value of the default expression is used as the actual expression or
  signal value in an implicit association element for that interface
  element.


vcom Message # 1035:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.2 Ports, line 112:
  A port of mode IN may be unconnected or unassociated (see 4.3.2.2)
  only if its declaration includes a default expression (see 4.3.2).


vcom Message # 1036:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.2 Ports, line 113:
  A port of any mode other than IN may be unconnected or unassociated
  as long as its type is not an unconstrained array type.


vcom Message # 1037:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 511:
  If an interface element in an interface list includes a default
  expression for a formal generic, for a formal port of any mode other
  than LINKAGE, or for a formal variable or constant parameter of mode
  IN, then any corresponding association list need not include an
  association element for that interface element. If the association
  element is not included, or if the actual OPEN is given, then the
  value of the default expression is used as the actual expression or
  signal value in an implicit association element for that interface
  element.


vcom Message # 1038:
IEEE Std 1076-1987, 4.3.3.2 Association Lists:
The standard is not clear on whether or not it is valid to have the
formal part of a named association be in the form of a conversion
function call when the mode of the formal is IN. This is not supported
by vcom -87.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 463:
  The formal part of a named element association may be in the form of
  a function call, where the single argument of the function is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, Page 67:
  The formal part of a named association element may be in the form of
  a function call, where the single argument of the function is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.


vcom Message # 1039:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 468:
  [T]he formal part of a named element association may be in the form
  of a type conversion, where the expression to be converted is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, Page 67:
  [T]he formal part of a named association element may be in the form
  of a type conversion, where the expression to be converted is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.


vcom Message # 1040:
IEEE Std 1076-1987, 4.3.3.2 Association Lists:
The standard is not clear on whether or not it is valid to have the
actual part of a (named or positional) association element be in the
form of a conversion function call when the mode of the associated
formal is OUT or BUFFER. This is not supported by vcom -87.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 474:
  [T]he actual part of a (named or positional) element association may
  be in the form of a function call, where the single argument of the
  function is the actual designator itself, if and only if the mode of
  the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, Page 67:
  [T]he actual part of a (named or positional) association element may
  be in the form of a function call, where the single argument of the
  function is the actual designator itself, if and only if the mode of
  the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.


vcom Message # 1041:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 481:
  [T]he actual part of a (named or positional) element association may
  be in the form of a type conversion, where the expression to be type
  converted is the actual designator itself, if and only if the mode of
  the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, Page 67:
  [T]he actual part of a (named or positional) association element may
  be in the form of a type conversion, where the expression to be type
  converted is the actual designator itself, if and only if the mode of
  the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.


vcom Message # 1042:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, lines 465 and 476:
  [T]he function name must denote a function whose single parameter
  is of the type of the [formal|actual] and whose result is the type of
  the corresponding [actual|formal].


vcom Message # 1043:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 113:
  It is an error if a conversion function or type conversion appears in
  either the formal part or the actual part of an association element
  that associates an actual signal with a formal signal parameter.


vcom Message # 1044:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 113:
  It is an error if a conversion function or type conversion appears in
  either the formal part or the actual part of an association element
  that associates an actual signal with a formal signal parameter.


vcom Message # 1045:
IEEE Std 1076-1987, 4.3.3.2 Association Lists --
The standard is not clear on when it is and is not valid to associate
OPEN with a formal. Associating OPEN with formal subelements that are
associated individually is not supported by vcom -87.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists line 516:
  It is an error if an actual of OPEN is associated with a formal that
  is associated individually. An actual of OPEN counts as the single
  association allowed for the corresponding formal but does not supply
  a constant, signal, or variable (as is appropriate to the object
  class of the formal) to the formal.
EXAMPLE:
  Using the following association list as an example:
    ( OPEN, p1 => OPEN, p2(7 downto 0) => OPEN )
  For the associations "OPEN" and "p1 => OPEN", the formals are
  associated in whole; therefore the first two OPEN associations are
  legal whether the first formal and p1 are scalars or composites.
  For the association "p2(7 downto 0) => OPEN", the subelements of
  the formal are associated individually because of the slice
  specification; therefore the OPEN association is not legal even
  if the slice encompasses the entire range of p2.


vcom Message # 1046:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 516:
  It is an error if an actual of OPEN is associated with a formal that
  is associated individually. An actual of OPEN counts as the single
  association allowed for the corresponding formal but does not supply
  a constant, signal, or variable (as is appropriate to the object
  class of the formal) to the formal.
EXAMPLE:
  Using the following association list as an example:
    ( OPEN, p1 => OPEN, p2(7 downto 0) => OPEN )
  For the associations "OPEN" and "p1 => OPEN", the formals are
  associated in whole; therefore the first two OPEN association are
  legal whether the first formal and p1 are scalars or composites.
  For the association "p2(7 downto 0) => OPEN", the subelements of
  the formal are associated individually because of the slice
  specification; therefore the OPEN association is not legal even
  if the slice encompasses the entire range of p2.


vcom Message # 1047:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1 Formal parameters, line 48:
  In a subprogram call, the actual designator (see 4.3.2.2) associated
  with a formal parameter of class signal must be a signal. The actual
  designator associated with a formal of class variable must be a
  variable. The actual designator associated with a formal of class
  constant must be an expression. The actual designator associated with
  a formal of class file must be a file.


vcom Message # 1048:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, line 415:
  A named association of an array aggregate is allowed to have a choice
  that is not locally static, or likewise a choice that is a null range,
  only if the aggregate includes a single element association and this
  element association has a single choice. An OTHERS choice is locally
  static if the applicable index constraint is locally static.
We allow a non-locally static choice if the only other choice in the
aggregate is an OTHERS choice (locally static or not) in the last
association element.  Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1049:
The value of a signal is not defined until after the design hierarchy is
elaborated. Use of the signal name in a generic map is prohibited
because the value is undefined.  QuestaSim will allow this, but the
expected results may not be produced.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3 Elaboration of a declarative part]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1050:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 463:
  The formal part of a named element association may be in the form of
  a function call, where the single argument of the function is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.
  In this case, the function name must denote a function whose single
  parameter is of the type of the formal and whose result is the type
  of the corresponding actual.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 474:
  Similarly, the actual part of a (named or positional) element
  association may be in the form of a function call, where the single
  argument of the function is the actual designator itself, if and only
  if the mode of the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual
  is not OPEN. In this case, the function name must denote a function
  whose single parameter is of the type of the actual, and whose result
  is the type of the corresponding formal.  In addition, the formal must
  not be of class constant for this interpretation to hold (the actual
  is interpreted as an expression that is a function call if the class
  of the formal is constant).


vcom Message # 1051:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 463:
  The formal part of a named element association may be in the form of
  a function call, where the single argument of the function is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.
  In this case, the function name must denote a function whose single
  parameter is of the type of the formal and whose result is the type
  of the corresponding actual.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 474:
  Similarly, the actual part of a (named or positional) element
  association may be in the form of a function call, where the single
  argument of the function is the actual designator itself, if and only
  if the mode of the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual
  is not OPEN. In this case, the function name must denote a function
  whose single parameter is of the type of the actual, and whose result
  is the type of the corresponding formal.  In addition, the formal must
  not be of class constant for this interpretation to hold (the actual
  is interpreted as an expression that is a function call if the class
  of the formal is constant).


vcom Message # 1052:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 463:
  The formal part of a named element association may be in the form of
  a function call, where the single argument of the function is the
  formal designator itself, if and only if the mode of the formal is
  OUT, INOUT, BUFFER, or LINKAGE, and if the actual is not OPEN.
  In this case, the function name must denote a function whose single
  parameter is of the type of the formal and whose result is the type
  of the corresponding actual.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 474:
  Similarly, the actual part of a (named or positional) element
  association may be in the form of a function call, where the single
  argument of the function is the actual designator itself, if and only
  if the mode of the formal is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, and if the actual
  is not OPEN. In this case, the function name must denote a function
  whose single parameter is of the type of the actual, and whose result
  is the type of the corresponding formal.  In addition, the formal must
  not be of class constant for this interpretation to hold (the actual
  is interpreted as an expression that is a function call if the class
  of the formal is constant).


vcom Message # 1053:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 12.6.2 Propagation of signal values, line 498:
  The driving value of a formal part is obtained by evaluating the
  formal part as follows:  If no conversion function or type conversion
  is present in the formal part, then the driving value of the formal
  part is the driving value of the signal denoted by the formal
  designator.  Otherwise, the driving value of the formal part is the
  value obtained by applying either the conversion function or type
  conversion (whichever is contained in the formal part) to the driving
  value of the signal denoted by the formal designator.

This necessitates that the FUNCTION used as a conversion function in the
formal part of an association element have a class constant formal
parameter as its (single) formal parameter because otherwise (with a
formal parameter of class signal) there could be no guarantee that only
the driving value of the signal denoted by the formal designator was
being used.


vcom Message # 1054:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 12.6.2 Propagation of signal values, line 521:
  If S is a connected port of mode IN or INOUT, then the effective
  value of S is the same as the effective value of the actual part
  of the association element that associates an actual with S (see
  4.3.2.2). The effective value of an actual part is obtained by
  evaluating the actual part, using the effective value of the signal
  denoted by the actual designator in place of the actual designator.

This necessitates that the FUNCTION used as a conversion function in the
actual part of an association element have a class constant formal
parameter as its (single) formal parameter because otherwise (with a
formal parameter of class signal) there could be no guarantee that only
the effective value of the signal denoted by the actual designator was
being used.


vcom Message # 1055:
IEEE Std 1076-1987, 4.3.2 File Declarations:
The only modes allowed in an external file association are in and out.


vcom Message # 1056:
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 10.9 Case statement:
  [case_label:] case[?] expression is
      case_statement_alternative {case_statement_alternative}
  end case[?] [case_label] ;
  A case statement shall include the question mark delimiter either in
  both places, in which case the case statement is called a matching case
  statement, or in neither place, in which case the case statement is
  called an ordinary case statement.


vcom Message # 1057:
The function has more than one formal argument, which makes it ineligible
to be a conversion function.  In VHDL 1993 and later, this is legal only
if the function call is globally static and the port is of mode IN.  In
VHDL 2008, this is legal for mode IN ports, but the semantics depend on
the expression being globally static or not.
This warning is for informational purposes only.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.2 Ports
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 6.5.6.3 Port clauses


vcom Message # 1060:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2 Aggregates, line 389:
  An element association with the choice OTHERS is allowed in either
  an array aggregate or a record aggregate if the association appears
  last and has this single choice; it specifies all remaining elements,
  if any.


vcom Message # 1061:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2 Aggregates, line 389:
  An element association with the choice OTHERS is allowed in either
  an array aggregate or a record aggregate if the association appears
  last and has this single choice; it specifies all remaining elements,
  if any.


vcom Message # 1062:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2 Aggregates, line 380:
  Both named and positional associations can be used in the same
  aggregate, with all positional associations appearing first (in
  textual order) and all named associations appearing next (in any
  order, except that no associations may follow an OTHERS association).


vcom Message # 1063:
Each element of the value defined by an aggregate must be represented
once and only once in the aggregate.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2 Aggregates]


vcom Message # 1064:
If the choice OTHERS is given as a choice of a record aggregate, it must
represent at least one element.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.1 Record aggregates]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1065:
The record element name specified in a choice of an element association
in a record aggregate does not have a corresponding record element in
the record type.
Similarly, in a record constraint in a subtype indication, the named
element is not an element of the record type.


vcom Message # 1066:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2 Aggregates, line 392:
  Each element of the value defined by an aggregate must be represented
  once and only once in the aggregate.


vcom Message # 1067:
A choice in a named element association of an aggregate of a record
type must be either an element simple name or the reserved word OTHERS.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2 Aggregates]


vcom Message # 1068:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1 Array types, line 286:
  The name for an element of an array uses one or more index values
  belonging to specified discrete types.

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, line 407:
  For an aggregate of a one-dimensional array type, each choice must
  specify values of the index type[.]


vcom Message # 1069:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, line 414:
  Apart from a final element association with the single choice OTHERS,
  the rest (if any) of the element associations of an array aggregate
  must be either all positional or all named.


vcom Message # 1070:
A choice must be of the same type as the index subtype of the base
array type.  Since the bounds are not the same type, at least one
of them is not of the same type as the index subtype.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1071:
A choice must be of the same type as the index subtype of the base
array type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1072:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, line 415:
  A named association of an array aggregate is allowed to have a choice
  that is not locally static, or likewise a choice that is a null range,
  only if the aggregate includes a single element association and this
  element association has a single choice. An OTHERS choice is locally
  static if the applicable index constraint is locally static.


vcom Message # 1073:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, line 415:
  A named association of an array aggregate is allowed to have a choice
  that is not locally static, or likewise a choice that is a null range,
  only if the aggregate includes a single element association and this
  element association has a single choice. An OTHERS choice is locally
  static if the applicable index constraint is locally static.
We allow a non-locally static choice if the only other choice in the
aggregate is an OTHERS choice (locally static or not) in the last
association element.  Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.


vcom Message # 1074:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, line 415:
  A named association of an array aggregate is allowed to have a choice
  that is not locally static, or likewise a choice that is a null range,
  only if the aggregate includes a single element association and this
  element association has a single choice. An OTHERS choice is locally
  static if the applicable index constraint is locally static.
QuestaSim allows a non-locally static OTHERS choice if all the other
element associations are positional associations, or if all the other
choices in named associations are locally static, or if there only one
other non-locally static choice.  Use the -pedanticerrors switch for
strict VHDL compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1075:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2 Aggregates, line 392:
  Each element of the value defined by an aggregate must be represented
  once and only once in the aggregate.


vcom Message # 1076:
IEEE Std 1076-2002, 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates, page 109:
  The subtype of an array aggregate that has an OTHERS choice must be
  determinable from the context. That is, an array aggregate with an
  OTHERS choice must appear only in one of the following contexts:

    a) As an actual associated with a formal parameter or formal generic
       declared to be of a constrained array subtype (or subelement
       thereof)

    b) As the default expression defining the default initial value of a
       port declared to be of a constrained array subtype

    c) As the result expression of a function, where the corresponding
       function result type is a constrained array subtype

    d) As a value expression in an assignment statement, where the
       target is a declared object, and the subtype of the target is a
       constrained array subtype (or subelement of such a declared
       object)

    e) As the expression defining the initial value of a constant or
       variable object, where that object is declared to be of a
       constrained array subtype

    f) As the expression defining the default values of signals in a
       signal declaration, where the corresponding subtype is a
       constrained array subtype

    g) As the expression defining the value of an attribute in an
       attribute specification, where that attribute is declared to be of
       a constrained array subtype

    h) As the operand of a qualified expression whose type mark denotes
       a constrained array subtype

    i) As a subaggregate nested within an aggregate, where that aggregate
       itself appears in one of these contexts


vcom Message # 1077:
In a type conversion between array types, a check is made that any
constraint on the element subtype is the same for the operand array type
as for the target array type.
For an element subtype that is a scalar subtype, the bounds of
the range constraint must match those of the subtype of the operand.
For an element subtype that is an array subtype, the bounds of
each index range in the index constraint must match those of the
operand.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions], line 490
Allowed if target type element constraint is a superset of the operand
type element constraint.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1078:
The name is ambiguous according to the visibility rules.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 10.4 Use clauses, line 234:
  Potentially visible declarations that have the same designator are not
  made directly visible unless each of them is either an enumeration
  literal specification or the declaration of a subprogram (either by a
  subprogram declaration or by an implicit declaration).


vcom Message # 1079:
The left and right bounds of a range expression (of the form
simple_expression direction simple_expression) must either
have the same type, or either both be of some integer type or
both be of some floating point type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1.2 Integer types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1.3 Physical types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1.4 Floating point types]


vcom Message # 1080:
For a discrete range used in a constrained array definition and defined
by a range, an implicit conversion to the predefined type INTEGER is
assumed if each bound is either a numeric literal or an attribute, and
if the type of both bounds (prior to the implicit conversion) is the
type universal_integer.
Otherwise, both bounds must be of the same discrete type, other than
universal_integer; this type must be determined independently of the
context, but using the fact that the type must be discrete and that
both bounds must have the same type. These rules also apply to a
discrete range used in an iteration scheme (see 8.9) or a generation
scheme (see 9.7).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1. Index constraints and discrete ranges]


vcom Message # 1081:
For a discrete range used in a constrained array definition and defined
by a range, an implicit conversion to the predefined type INTEGER is
assumed if each bound is either a numeric literal or an attribute, and
if the type of both bounds (prior to the implicit conversion) is the
type universal_integer.
Otherwise, both bounds must be of the same discrete type, other than
universal_integer; this type must be determined independently of the
context, but using the fact that the type must be discrete and that
both bounds must have the same type. These rules also apply to a
discrete range used in an iteration scheme (see 8.9) or a generation
scheme (see 9.7).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1. Index constraints and discrete ranges]


vcom Message # 1082:
For a discrete range used in a constrained array definition and defined
by a range, an implicit conversion to the predefined type INTEGER is
assumed if each bound is either a numeric literal or an attribute, and
if the type of both bounds (prior to the implicit conversion) is the
type universal_integer.
Otherwise, both bounds must be of the same discrete type, other than
universal_integer; this type must be determined independently of the
context, but using the fact that the type must be discrete and that
both bounds must have the same type. These rules also apply to a
discrete range used in an iteration scheme (see 8.9) or a generation
scheme (see 9.7).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1. Index constraints and discrete ranges]


vcom Message # 1083:
The implicit operator "=" (likewise "/=") will return FALSE
(likewise TRUE) if the operands have different array index range
lengths at any position in the index constraint.


vcom Message # 1084:
If a range constraint is used in a subtype indication, the type of the
expressions (likewise, of the bounds of a range attribute) must be the
same as the base type of the type mark of the subtype indication.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1 Scalar types]


vcom Message # 1085:
If a range constraint is used in a subtype indication, the type of the
expressions (likewise, of the bounds of a range attribute) must be the
same as the base type of the type mark of the subtype indication.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1 Scalar types]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1086:
The bounds of the discrete range define those of the slice and must be
of the type of the index of the array.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vcom Message # 1087:
The bounds of the discrete range define those of the slice and must be
of the type of the index of the array.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vcom Message # 1088:
Index expression(s) of an indexed name cannot be range(s).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.4 Indexed names]


vcom Message # 1089:
A slice name denotes a one-dimensional array composed of a sequence of
consecutive elements of another one-dimensional array. The prefix must
be of a one-dimensional array type, and there must be exactly one
discrete range.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vcom Message # 1090:
A process that has no sensitivity list, contains no wait statements,
and contains no calls to procedures that contain wait statements will
execute forever without advancing time.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 9.2 Process statement:
  The execution of a process statement consists of the repetitive
  execution of its sequence of statements. After the last statement in
  the sequence of statements of a process statement is executed,
  execution will immediately continue with the first statement in the
  sequence of statements.

This message can be suppressed with the vcom option -nowarn 2.


vcom Message # 1091:
The reserved word POSTPONED must not appear at the end of a process that
does not start with the reserved word POSTPONED.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 9.2 Process statement:

  If the reserved word POSTPONED precedes the initial reserved word
  PROCESS, the process statement defines a postponed process; otherwise,
  the process statement defines a nonpostponed process.

  If the reserved word POSTPONED appears at the end of a process
  statement, the process must be a postponed process.


vcom Message # 1092:
Signals in process sensitivity lists must be static.
IEEE Std 1076-2002, 9.2 Process statement:
  It is an error if any name that does not denote a static signal name
  (see 6.1) for which reading is permitted appears in the sensitivity
  list of a process statement.


vcom Message # 1093:
EXIT and NEXT statements cannot appear outside of a LOOP statement.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 8.10 Next statement:

  A next statement is used to complete the execution of one of the
  iterations of an enclosing loop statement (called "loop" in the
  following text).

  A next statement with a loop label is only allowed within the labeled
  loop and applies to that loop; a next statement without a loop label
  is only allowed within a loop and applies only to the innermost
  enclosing loop (whether labeled or not).

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 8.11 Exit statement:

  An exit statement is used to complete the execution of an enclosing
  loop statement (called "loop" in the following text).

  An exit statement with a loop label is only allowed within the labeled
  loop and applies to that loop; an exit statement without a loop label
  is only allowed within a loop and applies only to the innermost
  enclosing loop (whether labeled or not).


vcom Message # 1094:
When a label is specified with an EXIT or NEXT statement, it must be the
label of a LOOP statement.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 8.10 Next statement:

  A next statement with a loop label is only allowed within the labeled
  loop and applies to that loop; a next statement without a loop label
  is only allowed within a loop and applies only to the innermost
  enclosing loop (whether labeled or not).

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 8.11 Exit statement:

  An exit statement with a loop label is only allowed within the labeled
  loop and applies to that loop; an exit statement without a loop label
  is only allowed within a loop and applies only to the innermost
  enclosing loop (whether labeled or not).


vcom Message # 1095:
When a label is specified with an EXIT or NEXT statement, the EXIT or
NEXT statement must be inside of the specified LOOP statement.

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 8.10 Next statement:

  A next statement with a loop label is only allowed within the labeled
  loop and applies to that loop; a next statement without a loop label
  is only allowed within a loop and applies only to the innermost
  enclosing loop (whether labeled or not).

IEEE Std 1076-2002, 8.11 Exit statement:

  An exit statement with a loop label is only allowed within the labeled
  loop and applies to that loop; an exit statement without a loop label
  is only allowed within a loop and applies only to the innermost
  enclosing loop (whether labeled or not).


vcom Message # 1096:
The specified name was referenced as a label but was not found to be a
label of any statement. A name referenced as a label name must be the name
of a label on a statement appropriate to the reference.


vcom Message # 1097:
The alias designator was found to be a string literal.  This is allowed
only in VHDL 1993 and later, only if the string literal actually
represents an operator symbol, and only if the name (being aliased)
denotes a function. Use VHDL 1993 or later
(vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).


vcom Message # 1098:
The alias designator was found to be a character literal.  This is
allowed only in VHDL 1993 and later, and only if the name (being
aliased) denotes an enumeration literal of some enumeration type.
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).


vcom Message # 1099:
VHDL 1987 does not allow signatures.
Use VHDL93 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1100:
VHDL 1987 does not allow END ARCHITECTURE.
Remove ARCHITECTURE or use VHDL 1993 or later.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1101:
Use VHDL93 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1102:
It is legal VHDL to have a nested protected type declaration with the
same name as an enclosing protected type (body) declaration.  However,
because protected type declarations are not scopes in the design pathname
sense, this scenario will not lend itself well to the formation of design
pathnames.  In particular, only the outermost "this" object will be
found.


vcom Message # 1103:
Use VHDL93 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1104:
VHDL 1987 does not allow END CONFIGURATION.
Remove CONFIGURATION or use VHDL93 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1105:
The syntax for an entity aspect requires that the name following the
reserved word ENTITY be the name of an entity declaration (followed
optionally by an architecture identifier in parentheses).


vcom Message # 1106:
The syntax for an entity aspect requires that the name following the
reserved word CONFIGURATION be the name of a configuration declaration.


vcom Message # 1107:
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1108:
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1109:
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1110:
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1111:
Remove ENTITY or use VHDL93 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1112:
Recompile using VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).


vcom Message # 1113:
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).


vcom Message # 1114:
Use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).


vcom Message # 1115:
The syntax for a function specification requires a type mark, not a
subtype indication, after the reserved word RETURN.  A type mark is the
name of a type or subtype and does not contain a constraint.


vcom Message # 1116:
VHDL 1987 does not allow END PACKAGE BODY. Remove PACKAGE BODY or use
VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1117:
VHDL 1987 does not allow END PACKAGE. Remove PACKAGE or use
VHDL93 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1118:
A function defined using VHDL 1987 cannot call a procedure that
references a signal or variable (or member of such) that has not been
declared within the declarative region formed by the function or the
declarative region formed by the procedure.
Also, calling an IMPURE FUNCTION from a VHDL 1987 FUNCTION is not
allowed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram Bodies]


vcom Message # 1119:
A pure function cannot be the parent of an impure function; nor can it
be the parent of a procedure that references a signal or variable (or
member of such) that has not been declared within the declarative region
formed by the pure function or the declarative region formed by the
procedure.  Furthermore, a procedure whose parent is a pure function
cannot contain a reference to a FILE object or to a shared variable.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram bodies]


vcom Message # 1120:
Several places in VHDL that allow subtype indications do not allow the
subtype indication to specify a resolution function. These places are:
 1) As part of an allocator
   [DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 7.3.6 Allocators]
 2) As part of the access type declaration
   [DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 3.3 Access types]


vcom Message # 1121:
A range constraint in a type definition must be locally static.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 3.1.2 Integer types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 3.1.3 Physical types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 3.1.4 Floating point types]


vcom Message # 1122:
Remove the name or label or use VHDL 1993 or later
(vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1123:
Remove IS or use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1124:
Remove BEGIN or use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1125:
VHDL 1987 does not allow END PROCEDURE. Remove PROCEDURE or use VHDL 1993
or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1126:
VHDL 1987 does not allow END FUNCTION. Remove FUNCTION or use VHDL 1993
or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1127:
While attempting to find a default binding for an instance that was not
specifically bound, a matching entity was found but not used because it
is out of date relative to at least one of it dependencies and needs to
be recompiled.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the vcom
option -nowarn 1.


vcom Message # 1128:
In generate statements, declarative items must be separated from concurrent
statements by the reserved word BEGIN.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1129:
While attempting to bind a component to an entity, the type of the
specified generic in the component declaration was found to be different
from the matching formal generic of the specified entity.

This message will be displayed as a warning if the entity is being
used in a default binding; an elaboration error will occur if this
default binding is used when loading the design.  If the default
binding will not be used because an explicit binding in an applicable
component configuration is used instead, then this warning can be
ignored.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 1.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 5.2.2 Default binding indication]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1130:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a port map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether default
or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal ports, a
default port map aspect is assumed within that binding indication.
The default port map aspect associates each local port (if any) of the
component declaration corresponding to the component instantiation with
a formal of the same simple name.  Any unassociated formals are
associated with the actual designator OPEN.  This means that these
formals are unconnected, which is not legal in this situation because
of the following requirement:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.2 Ports, line 112:
  A port of mode IN may be unconnected or unassociated (see 4.3.2.2)
  only if its declaration includes a default expression (see 4.3.2).
  A port of any mode other than IN may be unconnected or unassociated
  as long as its type is not an unconstrained array type.

This message will be displayed as a warning if the entity is being
used in a default binding; an elaboration error will occur if this
default binding is used when loading the design.  If the default
binding will not be used because an explicit binding in an applicable
component configuration is used instead, then this warning can be
ignored.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 1.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1131:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a port map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether default
or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal ports, a
default port map aspect is assumed within that binding indication.
The default port map aspect associates each local port (if any) of the
component declaration corresponding to the component instantiation with
a formal of the same simple name.  It is an error if such a formal does
not exist or if its mode and type are not appropriate for such an
association.

This message will be displayed as a warning if the entity is being
used in a default binding; an elaboration error will occur if this
default binding is used when loading the design.  If the default
binding will not be used because an explicit binding in an applicable
component configuration is used instead, then this warning can be
ignored.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 1.


vcom Message # 1132:
Every local port of a component must be associated as an actual in a
port map aspect appearing in a binding indication.  This rule applies
as-specified in VHDL 1987; the introduction of incremental binding in
VHDL 1993 means the application of this rule must be performed on the
effective port map aspect formed from that of the primary binding and
that of the incremental binding (if any).
The same rule for generics has never been enforced and was in fact
eliminated for VHDL 1993 and later.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 5.2.1.2 Generic Map And Port Map Aspects]


vcom Message # 1133:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a port map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether default
or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal ports, a
default port map aspect is assumed within that binding indication.
The default port map aspect associates each local port (if any) of the
component declaration corresponding to the component instantiation with
a formal of the same simple name.  It is an error if such a formal does
not exist or if its mode and type are not appropriate for such an
association.

This message will be displayed as a warning if the entity is being
used in a default binding; an elaboration error will occur if this
default binding is used when loading the design.  If the default
binding will not be used because an explicit binding in an applicable
component configuration is used instead, then this warning can be
ignored.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 1.


vcom Message # 1134:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a port map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether default
or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal ports, a
default port map aspect is assumed within that binding indication.
The default port map aspect associates each local port (if any) of the
component declaration corresponding to the component instantiation with
a formal of the same simple name.  It is an error if such a formal does
not exist or if its mode and type are not appropriate for such an
association.  Compatible port modes are as follows:

  Formal (Entity) Port Mode   Local (Component) Port Mode
  -------------------------   ---------------------------
  IN                          IN, INOUT, BUFFER
  OUT                         OUT, INOUT (BUFFER - VHDL 2002 and
                                          Verilog only)
  INOUT                       INOUT (BUFFER - VHDL 2002 only)
  BUFFER                      BUFFER (OUT and INOUT - VHDL 2002 only)
  LINKAGE                     any mode

This message will be displayed as a warning if the entity is being
used in a default binding; an elaboration error will occur if this
default binding is used when loading the design.  If the default
binding will not be used because an explicit binding in an applicable
component configuration is used instead, then this warning can be
ignored.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 1.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]


vcom Message # 1135:
The syntax for declaring subprogram parameters that are files changed
from the 1987 to the 1993 version of the VHDL language. File parameters
must have the reserved word FILE before their declaration.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1136:
The specified name was referenced but was not found. This indicates
that either the name specified does not exist or is not visible at this
point in the code.


vcom Message # 1137:
The expression did not satisfy the requirements for a CASE expression
or a selected signal assignment expression of an array type.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 8.8 Case statement:

  If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type, then
  the expression must be one of the following:
    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype

  It is an error if the element subtype of the one-dimensional character
  array type is not a locally static subtype.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1138:
Attributes must be declared with an attribute declaration before use
in an attribute specification.


vcom Message # 1139:
The identifier did not denote the name of an attribute.


vcom Message # 1140:
The 1993 version of VHDL standardized on the attribute FOREIGN for
foreign subprograms and design units. As a result, a declaration
of the attribute FOREIGN was added to the standard package.
If another package declares the attribute FOREIGN and is included via
a USE clause, both definitions of the attribute should be hidden.
For upward compatibility the attribute declaration from the standard
package is being used.
Use the -pedanticerrors option to force strict language compliance.


vcom Message # 1141:
The syntax requires a component name.  The name given does not denote a
component declaration.


vcom Message # 1142:
The type of the actual designator associated with the formal port of a
Verilog module is either not a supported type, or could not be
determined.  When the type cannot be determined, it is usually because
the subelements of an individually associated formal are not all of the
same type, making determining the array type impossible.


vcom Message # 1143:
The expression is legal under VHDL-1987 but ambiguous under VHDL-1993
semantics. Either use qualified expressions for the types of parameters
or compile using VHDL-1987.


vcom Message # 1144:
The value either does not belong to the range defined by the range
constraint of a scalar subtype or is not a legal position number in an
enumeration type.


vcom Message # 1145:
The value either does not belong to the range defined by the range
constraint of a scalar subtype or is not a legal position number in an
enumeration type.


vcom Message # 1146:
The type either is a scalar subtype defined with a null range or is a
composite type that contains a subelement of such a scalar subtype.
No object of such a type can exist because no value can belong to a null
range constraint of a scalar subtype.


vcom Message # 1147:
The discrete range in the parameter specification of a FOR GENERATE
statement must be a (globally) static range.  It cannot depend on a
signal value or other non-static value.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1148:
The condition in an IF GENERATE statement must be a (gloablly) static
expression.  It cannot depend on a signal value or other non-static
value.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1149:
The parameter value of the specified predefined attribute is outside
the range of the type of the prefix.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vcom Message # 1150:
The parameter value of the specified predefined attribute is an
illegal value; the attribute cannot return a legal value given
this parameter as input.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vcom Message # 1151:
The result of the specified predefined attribute is outside
the range of the type of the prefix.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vcom Message # 1152:
The index value must belong to both the corresponding index subtype of
the base array type and the corresponding index range of the constrained
array subtype.
The warning version of this message can be suppressed with the
vcom option -nowarn 14.


vcom Message # 1153:
The index value must belong to both the corresponding index subtype of
the base array type and the corresponding index range of the constrained
array subtype.


vcom Message # 1154:
The index value must belong to both the corresponding index subtype of
the base array type and the corresponding index range of the constrained
array subtype.
This is impossible when the range is a null range because no value can
belong to a null range.


vcom Message # 1155:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a port map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether default
or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal ports, a
default port map aspect is assumed within that binding indication.
The default port map aspect associates each local port (if any) of the
component declaration corresponding to the component instantiation with
a formal of the same simple name.  Any unassociated formals are
associated with the actual designator OPEN.  This means that these
formals are unconnected, which is legal in this situation.
When -lint is given, this message is produced to show the entity ports
that do not have a corresponding component port and are therefore left
unconnected.
This message is for informational purposes only.


vcom Message # 1156:
The result of the concatenation would have an array index range whose
right bound would not belong to the index subtype of the base type
of the array.


vcom Message # 1157:
The array index right bound does not belong to the index subtype of
the base type of the array at this index position.  The length of the
array at this index position is too large to be represented by this
array type.


vcom Message # 1158:
Exponentiation is defined as repeated multiplication of the left
operand by itself for a number of times indicated by the absolute value
of the right operand.  This operation has resulted in a number too
large in absolute value to be represented within the limits of the
implementation.


vcom Message # 1159:
Exponentiation with a negative exponent is allowed only for a left
operand of a floating point type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 7.2.7 Miscellaneous operators]


vcom Message # 1160:
The evaluation of a qualified expression evaluates the operand and
checks that its value belongs to the subtype denoted by the type mark.
For array subtypes this means that at each position in the index
constraint, the index ranges must match.
This is technically an error and the simulator will produce a runtime
error.  This error can be suppressed or downgraded, in which case a
subtype conversion will occur, just as though the VHDL 2008 rules were
in effect.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.4 Qualified expressions]


vcom Message # 1161:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 115:
  If an actual signal is associated with a signal parameter of any mode,
  and if the type of the formal is a scalar type, then it is an error if
  the bounds and direction of the subtype denoted by the subtype
  indication of the formal are not identical to the bounds and direction
  of the subtype denoted by the subtype indication of the actual.


vcom Message # 1162:
VHDL 1993 and later allows an expression to be used as the actual for a
formal port as long as the port is of mode IN.
However, as a non-compliant exception to this rule, if the port is a
component port and it is of mode INOUT, we will allow an expression as
the actual as long as the entity port that the component port binds to
is of mode IN and the expression is globally static.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1163:
A Verilog module having a port with a range that depends on a parameter
results in an equivalent VHDL entity (for the purposes of instantiating
Verilog in VHDL) with a port of an unconstrained array type.  If the
port map of the VHDL instance of the Verilog module either has
individual associations or is an array aggregate or string literal
expression, then the array length and/or direction might not match
those of the elaborated Verilog port when the design is loaded,
possibly causing a bit-wise reversal of the actual value.  For all the
array types supported at the VHDL-Verilog boundary, the Verilog port
will be assumed to have a direction of TO because the VHDL rules for
determining the index range of an unconstrained array formal
that is associated individually state that the direction is that of
the index subtype of the array, which is the predefined subtype NATURAL.
Use a component instantiation where the component port is of a
constrained array subtype with the same length and direction as the
corresponding elaborated Verilog module port's range.


vcom Message # 1164:
Impure function calls are not globally static expressions and
the actual of a port connection, if an expression, must be a
globally static expression.


vcom Message # 1165:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.3.1 Object aliases, line 573:
  If the subtype indication denotes a scalar subtype, then the object
  is viewed as if it were of the subtype specified by the subtype
  indication; moreover, it is an error if this subtype does not have
  the same bounds and direction as the subtype denoted by the object
  name.


vcom Message # 1166:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.6 Allocators, line 545:
  The only allowed form of constraint in the subtype indication of an
  allocator is an index constraint.


vcom Message # 1167:
The index value must belong to both the corresponding index subtype of
the base array type and the corresponding index range of the constrained
array subtype.


vcom Message # 1168:
The index value must belong to both the index subtype of the base array
type and the index range of the constrained array subtype.


vcom Message # 1169:
The index constraint must provide a discrete range for each index of
the array type, and the type of each discrete range must be the same as
that of the corresponding index.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges]


vcom Message # 1170:
The index constraint must provide a discrete range for each index of
the array type, and the type of each discrete range must be the same as
that of the corresponding index.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1171:
The predefined attribute 'DRIVING requires that its prefix signal
have a driver present in the process in which it appears.
The predefined attribute 'DRIVING_VALUE requires that the value of
'DRIVING not be FALSE at the point of evaluation; this implies that
'DRIVING be evaluatable, hence it is an error if no drivers are present.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vcom Message # 1172:
The rules for multidimensional array aggregates require that each
element representing a subaggregate be either another aggregate, a
string literal, or a bit string literal.  Because subarrays of
multidimensional array types have no type, there is no type with
which to resolve the element expression, and no implicit type conversion
can occur.  QuestaSim will perform such a "type" conversion if possible
however.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch to enforce strict LRM compliance and make
this an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1173:
In a type conversion between array types, a check is made that any
constraint on the element subtype is the same for the operand array type
as for the target array type.
For an element subtype that is a scalar subtype, the bounds of
the range constraint must match those of the subtype of the operand.
For an element subtype that is an array subtype, the bounds of
each index range in the index constraint must match those of the
operand.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions], line 490


vcom Message # 1174:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.2 Aggregates, line 392:
  Each element of the value defined by an aggregate must be represented
  once and only once in the aggregate.


vcom Message # 1175:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 10.3 Visibility, line 143:
  Within the specification of a subprogram, every declaration with the
  same designator as the subprogram is hidden.  Where hidden in this
  manner, a declaration is visible neither by selection nor directly.


vcom Message # 1176:
The VHDL 1987 language requires that a subtype indication be present in
the declaration of an alias.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 4.3.4 Alias Declaration]


vcom Message # 1177:
VHDL syntax requires that the target type in a type conversion
expression be a type mark, which is just a simple type or subtype name
with no constraint (or resolution function either).


vcom Message # 1178:
VHDL syntax requires that a qualified expression type be a type_mark,
which is just a simple type or subtype name with no constraint (or
resolution function either).


vcom Message # 1179:
An individual association element whose formal designator is a slice
of the formal has a slice discrete range with a direction different
from the direction of the formal itself.
The slice is a null slice if the direction of the discrete range is not
the same as that of the object denoted by the prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]
This was changed to an error in VHDL 1993, see message #1181.


vcom Message # 1180:
It is impossible to create a null slice (see warning message #1179) when
the bounds of the discrete range are identical.


vcom Message # 1181:
An individual association element whose formal designator is a slice
of the formal has a slice discrete range with a direction different
from the direction of the formal itself.
It is an error if the direction of the discrete range of a slice name
is not the same as that of the index range of the array denoted by the
prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vcom Message # 1182:
The array index values given in the individual association elements
corresponding to the formal do not form a complete uninterrupted set
of values needed to form an association for every subelement of the
formal.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 506:
  Furthermore, every scalar subelement of the explicitly declared
  interface object must be associated exactly once with an actual (or
  subelement thereof) in the same association list, and all such
  associations must appear in a contiguous sequence within that
  association list.


vcom Message # 1183:
A component instantiation label in the component specification of a
component configuration is a duplicate of such a label found in the
component specification of a configuration specification.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2 Configuration specification, line 146:
  It is an error if the elaboration of a configuration specification
  results in the association of binding information with a component
  label that is already bound.


vcom Message # 1184:
The ALL instantiation list of the component specification of a
component configuration is associating binding information
with a component instance that has already been bound in a
configuration specification.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2 Configuration specification, line 146:
  It is an error if the elaboration of a configuration specification
  results in the association of binding information with a component
  label that is already bound.


vcom Message # 1185:
A component instantiation label in the component specification of
a configuration specification is a duplicate of such a label found in a
preceding configuration specification.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2 Configuration specification, line 146:
  It is an error if the elaboration of a configuration specification
  results in the association of binding information with a component
  label that is already bound.


vcom Message # 1186:
When the expression is of an array type, the length of the array must
be known at compile time.  The simulator is less restrictive than the
LRM requires as long as the array length of the expression can be
determined in the compiler.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 8.8 Case statement:

  If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type, then
  the expression must be one of the following:
    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype

  It is an error if the element subtype of the one-dimensional character
  array type is not a locally static subtype.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1187:
It is an error if a composite type contains elements of file types or
protected types.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3 Composite types]


vcom Message # 1188:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 410:
  If the index ranges for an interface object or member of an interface
  object are obtained from the corresponding association element, then
  they are determined either by the actual part or by the formal part
  of the association element, depending on the mode of the interface
  object, as follows:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 419:
  For an interface object or member of an interface object whose mode
  is OUT, BUFFER, INOUT, or LINKAGE, if the formal part includes a
  conversion function or a type conversion, then the parameter subtype
  of that function or the type mark of the type conversion must be a
  constrained array subtype, and the index ranges are obtained from
  this constrained subtype; otherwise, the index ranges are obtained
  from the object denoted by the actual designator.


vcom Message # 1189:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 410:
  If the index ranges for an interface object or member of an interface
  object are obtained from the corresponding association element, then
  they are determined either by the actual part or by the formal part
  of the association element, depending on the mode of the interface
  object, as follows:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 419:
  For an interface object or member of an interface object whose mode
  is OUT, BUFFER, INOUT, or LINKAGE, if the formal part includes a
  conversion function or a type conversion, then the parameter subtype
  of that function or the type mark of the type conversion must be a
  constrained array subtype, and the index ranges are obtained from
  this constrained subtype; otherwise, the index ranges are obtained
  from the object denoted by the actual designator.


vcom Message # 1190:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 410:
  If the index ranges for an interface object or member of an interface
  object are obtained from the corresponding association element, then
  they are determined either by the actual part or by the formal part
  of the association element, depending on the mode of the interface
  object, as follows:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 414:
  For an interface object or member of an interface object whose mode
  is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, if the actual part includes a conversion
  function or a type conversion, then the result type of that function
  or the type mark of the type conversion must be a constrained array
  subtype, and the index ranges are obtained from this constrained
  subtype; otherwise, the index ranges are obtained from the object
  denoted by the actual designator.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1191:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 410:
  If the index ranges for an interface object or member of an interface
  object are obtained from the corresponding association element, then
  they are determined either by the actual part or by the formal part
  of the association element, depending on the mode of the interface
  object, as follows:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 414:
  For an interface object or member of an interface object whose mode
  is IN, INOUT, or LINKAGE, if the actual part includes a conversion
  function or a type conversion, then the result type of that function
  or the type mark of the type conversion must be a constrained array
  subtype, and the index ranges are obtained from this constrained
  subtype; otherwise, the index ranges are obtained from the object
  denoted by the actual designator.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1192:
The number of array elements present in the array aggregate does not
equal the array length at the corresponding index position.  This is a
matching element test that has failed (see [7.2.2 Relational operators]
in the IEEE Std 1076-2002 LRM).


vcom Message # 1193:
The choice values given in the individual association elements of the
formal correspond to a different number of array elements than the type
of the formal has at that index position.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 506:
  Furthermore, every scalar subelement of the explicitly declared
  interface object must be associated exactly once with an actual (or
  subelement thereof) in the same association list, and all such
  associations must appear in a contiguous sequence within that
  association list.


vcom Message # 1194:
A FILE declaration was written using VHDL 1987 syntax, while the
language version being used is a newer standard (1993/2002/2008).
The FILE declaration will be processed according to the 1987 language
rules.


vcom Message # 1195:
An expanded name that could not be completely resolved was used. The
suffix does not name something that exists within the scope of the
prefix specified.


vcom Message # 1196:
The prefix of the selected name could not be resolved as the name of a
visible named entity.


vcom Message # 1197:
The syntax requires a component name.  The name given does not denote a
component declaration.


vcom Message # 1198:
The name is the name of a method of a protected type.  A method of
a protected type is visible only when used as the suffix of a selected
name whose prefix denotes a VARIABLE object of that protected type.


vcom Message # 1200:
The value returned via a RETURN statement in a function must belong to
the return type mark of the function.  When the function return type
mark denotes a constrained array subtype, not only must the index range
at every index position of the return value have the same bounds as the
corresponding index range of this subtype, the direction of each index
range must match that of the corresponding range of this subtype.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error; otherwise, an implicit subtype conversion to the constrained
array subtype denoted by the function return type mark will be done.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.12 Return statement]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1201:
An access value belongs to a corresponding subtype of an access type
either if the access value is the NULL value or if the value of the
designated object satisfies the constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.3 Access types]

A scalar value must belong to the designated subtype of the access type.
Example:
  type acc is access integer range 1 to 10;
  -- Objects designated by type "acc" must have a value that satisfies
  -- 1 <= value <= 10.
A composite value that includes array subelements must be such that all
array subelements have index ranges that are identical in bounds and
direction to the index ranges implied by the union of the constraint
(if any) present in an access subtype definition and the constraint (if
any) present in the subtype indication used in the access type
definition.
Example:
  type arr is array(natural range <>) of bit_vector;
  type acc is access arr(OPEN)(1 to 3);
  subtype sub is acc(4 to 5);
  -- Objects designated by type "acc" can have any index range of
  -- either direction as long as it belongs to the range of NATURAL;
  -- the BIT_VECTOR subelements must have an index range of (1 to 3).
  -- Objects designated by subtype "sub" must have have an index range
  -- exactly equal to (4 to 5), and the BIT_VECTOR subelements must all
  -- have an index range equal to (1 to 3).


vcom Message # 1202:
VHDL 1987 syntax does not allow an instantiated unit kind to be
specified in a component instantiation statement. Remove the reserved
word or use VHDL 1993 or later (vcom options -93, -2002, etc.).

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1203:
The terminating string literal string bracket character was not found.
A string literal is formed by a sequence of graphic characters
(possibly none) enclosed between two quotation marks (") used as
string brackets.  The quotation marks used as string brackets at both
ends of a string literal can be replaced by percent signs (%) provided
that both string brackets are replaced and that the enclosed sequence
of characters contains no quotation marks.


vcom Message # 1204:
The terminating bit string literal bit string bracket character was not
found.  A bit string literal is formed by a sequence of extended digits
(possibly none) enclosed between two quotations (") used as bit string
brackets, preceded by a base specifier.  The quotation marks used as
bit string brackets at both ends of a bit string literal can be
replaced by percent signs (%) provided that both bit string brackets
are replaced.


vcom Message # 1205:
The character found in a bit string literal is not an extended digit.
Or, a quotation mark is not legal in a string literal for which the
string brackets are the replacement character '%'.


vcom Message # 1206:
The character found in a bit string literal is not an extended digit.


vcom Message # 1207:
[13.2 Lexical elements, separators, and delimiters], line 130:
  At least one separator is required between an identifier or an
  abstract literal and an adjacent identifier or abstract literal.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1208:
If a range constraint is used in a subtype indication, the type of the
expressions (likewise, of the bounds of a range attribute) must be the
same as the base type of the type mark of the subtype indication.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1 Scalar types]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1209:
The index constraint must provide a discrete range for each index of
the array type, and the type of each discrete range must be the same as
that of the corresponding index.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1210:
The index constraint must provide a discrete range for each index of
the array type, and the type of each discrete range must be the same as
that of the corresponding index.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1211:
The entity class "property" is available only starting with the 2008
version of the language.
Use VHDL 2008 or later (vcom option -2008).


vcom Message # 1212:
The entity class "sequence" is available only starting with the 2008
version of the language.
Use VHDL 2008 or later (vcom option -2008).


vcom Message # 1213:
An entity designator given in the attribute specification does not
denote any named entity to decorate with the attribute value.
Each entity designator in an attribute specification must denote at
least one named entity.  If a signature appears in the entity designator,
then exactly one named entity must be denoted.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.1 Attribute specification, line 54:
  The entity tag of an entity designator containing a signature must
  denote one or more subprograms or enumeration literals.  In this case,
  the signature must match (see 2.3.2) the parameter and result type
  profile of exactly one subprogram or enumeration literal in the
  current declarative part.
If a signature is present, QuestaSim permits the entity designator to
denote no named entity (for backwards compatibility); however, in this
case the attribute specification does not decorate any named entity.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1214:
An entity designator given in the attribute specification does not
denote any named entity of the specified entity class.
Each entity designator in an attribute specification must denote at
least one named entity in the specified entity class.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.1 Attribute specification, line 37:
  If a list of entity designators is supplied, then the attribute
  specification applies to the named entities denoted by those
  designators.  It is an error if the class of those names is not the
  same as that denoted by the entity class.


vcom Message # 1215:
An entity designator given in the attribute specification does not
denote any named entity of the specified entity class.
Each entity designator in an attribute specification must denote at
least one named entity in the specified entity class.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.1 Attribute specification, line 37:
  If a list of entity designators is supplied, then the attribute
  specification applies to the named entities denoted by those
  designators.  It is an error if the class of those names is not the
  same as that denoted by the entity class.
QuestaSim will allow entity classes "function" and "procedure" to be
considered to be equivalent for backwards compatibility with non-compliant
behavior found in prior releases.


vcom Message # 1216:
The reserved word SUBTYPE cannot appear as the attribute designator in
an attribute name prior to VHDL 2008.


vcom Message # 1217:
The syntax for a configuration declaration requires that a block
configuration appear immediately within the declaration, after the
configuration declarative part (which comprises zero or more
configuration declarative items).
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.3 Configuration declarations, line 292


vcom Message # 1218:
The syntax requires a component name.  The name given does not denote a
component declaration.


vcom Message # 1219:
The syntax requires a component name.  The name given may be appropriate
only for the syntax legal after the reserved word ENTITY in either an
instantiated unit (see 9.6 Component instantiation statements) or an
entity aspect (see 5.2.1.1 Entity aspect).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM]


vcom Message # 1220:
An integer divide, modulo, or remainder operation has a right operand
of zero, which is causing a divide by zero error.


vcom Message # 1221:
A floating point divide has a right operand of zero, or a floating point
exponentiation has a left operand of zero and a right operand of a
negative value, which is causing a divide by zero condition.


vcom Message # 1222:
The expression did not satisfy the requirements for a CASE expression
or a selected signal assignment expression of an array type.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 8.8 Case statement:

  If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type, then
  the expression must be one of the following:
    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype

  It is an error if the element subtype of the one-dimensional character
  array type is not a locally static subtype.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1223:
The expression did not satisfy the requirements for a CASE expression
or a selected signal assignment expression of an array type.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 8.8 Case statement:

  If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type, then
  the expression must be one of the following:
    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype

  It is an error if the element subtype of the one-dimensional character
  array type is not a locally static subtype.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1224:
The expression did not satisfy the requirements for a CASE expression
or a selected signal assignment expression of an array type.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 8.8 Case statement:

  If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type, then
  the expression must be one of the following:
    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype

  It is an error if the element subtype of the one-dimensional character
  array type is not a locally static subtype.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1225:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameter:

  A formal signal parameter is a guarded signal if and only if
  it is associated with an actual signal that is a guarded signal.
  It is an error if the declaration of a formal signal parameter
  includes the reserved word BUS.
(The grammar also disallows REGISTER.)


vcom Message # 1226:
It is an error if a wait statement appears in an explicit process
statement that includes a sensitivity list or in a procedure that
has a parent that is such a process statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.1 Wait statement]


vcom Message # 1227:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 8.2 Assertion statements]
The only place the reserved word REPORT is found in the syntax of
VHDL 1987 is within the assertion statement.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1228:
IEEE Std 1076-5.2.1.1:
In an entity aspect used in a binding indication in a configuration
specification or component configuration, when that entity aspect
contains an architecture identifier, the architecture body so
identified is not required to exist at analysis time unless the binding
indication is part of a component configuration that has explicit block
configurations or explicit component configurations.
This warning message is given to remind the user that the architecture
needs to exist at the time the design is loaded.
Note that this warning is normally issued in conjunction with the -lint
and/or the -bindAtCompile option.  To receive this warning as a matter
of course, change the severity of this message via the '-warning 1228'
options or make a similar change to the [msg_system] section of the
modelsim.ini file.
Note that for mixed-language designs in which the entity aspect
identifies a non-VHDL design unit, the architecture name (when present)
is ignored as long as there is no inner block configuration (such an
inner block configuration causes an error because non-VHDL blocks cannot
be configured from VHDL configurations).


vcom Message # 1229:
The function or procedure is making recursive calls to itself.
Make sure that there is a terminating case to avoid infinite recursion.


vcom Message # 1236:
Shared variables were introduced into the language in the VHDL 1993 LRM,
before the introduction of protected types, which occurred in VHDL 2002.
The VHDL 2002 LRM also introduced the requirement that shared variables
be of a protected type so that certain semantics regarding the use of
shared variables could be guaranteed.  In the interest of allowing
VHDL 1993-compliant code to be compiled using the VHDL 2002 rules, this
requirement for VHDL 2002 has by default been relaxed (producing a
warning) with the caveat that the shared variable semantics described by
the VHDL 2002 LRM will not necessarily be enforced.  Instead, the
VHDL 1993 behavior will be in effect for such non-protected type shared
variables.
This message can be suppressed or have its severity level changed.
IEEE Std 1076-2002, 4.3.1.3 Variable declarations:

  The base type of the subtype indication of a shared variable
  declaration must be a protected type.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1239:
An individual association element whose formal designator is a slice
of the formal has a slice discrete range with a direction different
from the would-be direction of the formal itself.
It is an error (null slice in VHDL 1987) if the direction of the
discrete range of a slice name is not the same as that of the index
range of the array denoted by the prefix of the slice name.

However, in the case where the formal is of an unconstrained array
type (and thus the direction would normally come from the direction of
the index subtype of this base array type), the compiler will use the
direction of the first formal slice name that appears in the individual
association elements in the association list (all slices of this formal
must therefore have the same direction); this is non-compliant
behavior.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1244:
An individual association element whose formal designator is a slice
of the formal has a slice discrete range with a direction different
from a prior slice name of the same formal.  At least one of these
slice names is an error (VHDL 1993) or unsupported (VHDL 1987).


vcom Message # 1245:
The package STD.TEXTIO is an integral part of the language and as such
does not have a package body.  Its subprograms achieve their effect
through an implementation that is an integral part of the simulator,
and thus there is no VHDL-source package body to use as requested by the
"-noaccel textio" option.


vcom Message # 1246:
The specified range is a null range and therefore contains no values.
This occurs when the direction is TO and LEFT > RIGHT, or when the
direction is DOWNTO and LEFT < RIGHT.


vcom Message # 1247:
The specified range is a null range and therefore contains no values.
This occurs when the direction is TO and LEFT > RIGHT, or when the
direction is DOWNTO and LEFT < RIGHT.


vcom Message # 1248:
The specified range is a null range and therefore contains no values.
This occurs when the direction is TO and LEFT > RIGHT, or when the
direction is DOWNTO and LEFT < RIGHT.


vcom Message # 1249:
The named package is an integral part of the language and as such does
not have a package body.  Its subprograms achieve their effect through
an implementation that is an integral part of the simulator, and thus
there is no VHDL-source package body to use as requested by the
"-noaccel <pkgname>" option.


vcom Message # 1250:
The default binding for this component instantiation cannot be used.
The preceding compiler warning message contains the reason.  If the
default binding is used, an elaboration error will be produced, and the
design will not load.  This warning can be ignored if the component
instance will be bound via an explicit binding indication as part of a
component configuration in an applicable configuration declaration.
This message can be suppressed with the vcom option -nowarn 1.


vcom Message # 1251:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a generic map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether
default or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal
generics, a default generic map aspect is assumed within that binding
indication.  The default generic map aspect associates each local
generic (if any) of the component declaration corresponding to the
component instantiation with a formal of the same simple name.  Any
unassociated formals are associated with the actual designator OPEN.
This means that these formals are unconnected, which is not legal in
this situation because of the following requirement:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.1 Generics, line 74:
  It is an error if no actual is specified for a given formal generic
  and no default expression is present in the corresponding interface
  element.

This message is only a warning because the simulator option "-g" can be
used to provide a value to otherwise unconnected generic.


vcom Message # 1252:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a generic map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether
default or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal
generics, a default generic map aspect is assumed within that binding
indication.  The default generic map aspect associates each local
generic (if any) of the component declaration corresponding to the
component instantiation with a formal of the same simple name.  Any
unassociated formals are associated with the actual designator OPEN.
This means that these formals are unconnected, which is legal in this
situation.  When -lint is given, this message is produced to show the
entity generics that do not have a corresponding component generic and
are therefore left unconnected.
This message is for informational purposes only.


vcom Message # 1253:
The default binding for the component instantiation statement could not
created because no entity with the same name as the component could
not be found.


vcom Message # 1254:
The resolution function(s) implied by the subtype indication present in
the object alias declaration will be ignored.  The declaration of the
denoted object already contains or implies the applicable resolution
function(s).  This warning is issued only for SIGNAL aliases because
resolution applies only to signals.


vcom Message # 1255:
IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.3 Subtype declarations.
  If a resolution indication is in the form that contains an element
  resolution that is an array element resolution, then the subtype
  corresponding to the resolution indication shall be an array subtype.


vcom Message # 1256:
IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.3 Subtype declarations.
  If a resolution indication is in the form that contains an element
  resolution that is a record resolution, then the subtype corresponding
  to the resolution indication shall be a record subtype.


vcom Message # 1257:
IEEE Std 1076-1993 12.3.1.2 Type declarations:
  Elaboration of a protected type body has no effect other than to
  establish that the body, from then on, can be used during the
  elaboration of objects of the protected type.
In particular (but not exclusively), this rule prevents a package
declaration from containing both a protected type declaration and a
(shared) variable declaration of that type; this is because a protected
type body cannot be declared in a package declaration.
Use the "-allowProtectedBeforeBody" compiler switch to disable this
check; however, indeterminate results are possible if this rule is
violated.


vcom Message # 1258:
A port that is not of mode IN and that is of an unconstrained array
type must be associated with an actual; the index range(s) of the
actual are used to define those of the port.  When the port has a
default expression in its declaration, the array length of the default
expression must match that of the actual at each index position in the
array type.  This is because the default expression is used to define
the initial driving value of the port.


vcom Message # 1259:
A port that is not of mode IN and that is of an unconstrained array
type must be associated with an actual; the index range(s) of the
actual are used to define those of the port.  When the port has a
default expression in its declaration, the array length of the default
expression must match that of the actual at each index position in the
array type.  This is because the default expression is used to define
the initial driving value of the port.


vcom Message # 1260:
IEEE Std 1076-1993 [6.3 Selected names], line 90:
  For a selected name that is used to denote a record element, the
  suffix must be a simple name denoting an element of a record object or
  value.  The prefix must be appropriate for the type of this object or
  value.
The rules for selected names do not describe a scenario in which the
prefix is a record type mark; note the use of "object or value" above.
For historical reasons, QuestaSim supports a selected name (which will be
treated as an expanded name) that represents the declaration of an
element of a record type.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1261:
The design has referenced a declaration which is not defined for the
language version currently in effect.  Use a different language version.


vcom Message # 1262:
IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.3 Subtype declarations.
In language versions before VHDL 2008, only a resolution function name
can be used to specify a resolution function; that is, the VHDL 2008
element resolution syntax is not available.


vcom Message # 1263:
The configuration specification or component configuration does not
apply to any component instantiation statements.  Only those component
instantiation statements whose labels (implicitly) appear immediately in
a given declarative part are considered to be associated with a
configuration specification or component configuration that appears in
that same declarative part.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 5.2 Configuration specifications]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 1.3.2 Component configuration]


vcom Message # 1270:
The default binding for the component instantiation statement has
error(s) because not all the component ports have counterparts on
the entity to which the component instantiation is being bound.


vcom Message # 1271:
The default binding for the component instantiation statement has
error(s) because not all the component generics have counterparts on
the entity to which the component instantiation is being bound.


vcom Message # 1272:
The actual array length did not match the expected array length.


vcom Message # 1273:
The actual array is multidimensional, and the length of it at the index
position specified does not match the expected array length.


vcom Message # 1274:
It is an error if a wait statement appears in a function subprogram
or in a procedure that has a parent that is a function subprogram.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.1 Wait statement]


vcom Message # 1275:
For those binary operators defined for one-dimensional array types, the
operands must be arrays of the same length.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.1 Logical operators]
Also, many binary operators defined in package ieee.std_logic_1164 have
this requirement.


vcom Message # 1276:
See the Reference Manual for details on usage.
Option "-mixedsvvh" has not been used correctly. Correct usage is
  -mixedsvvh [<blri>]
   b    => generate equivalent 2-state bit type
   l    => generate equivalent 4-state logic type
   r    => generate equivalent 4-state reg type
   i    => will ignore the range of vhdl integer & real types
           and convert all integer types to int
   NULL => default VHDL-SV type conversion


vcom Message # 1277:
For specifics consult the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vcom Message # 1278:
For specifics consult the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vcom Message # 1279:
The package being compiled with -mixedsvvh option is dependent on other package(s).
All packages on which this package has a dependency must be compiled
with the -mixedsvvh option before compiling this package.
For specifics refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vcom Message # 1280:
For specifics refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vcom Message # 1281:
For specifics refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vcom Message # 1282:
The rules for a pure function subprogram require that any signal or
variable (or any member of thereof) referenced in it be declared in
the declarative region formed by the function.  Furthermore, a pure
function cannot contain a reference to a FILE object.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram bodies]


vcom Message # 1283:
The rules for a pure function subprogram require that any signal or
variable (or any member of thereof) referenced in it be declared in
the declarative region formed by the function.  Furthermore, a pure
function cannot contain a reference to a FILE object.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram bodies]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1284:
The subprogram being called from a pure function has a reference to a
FILE object.
A pure function cannot be the parent of an impure function; nor can it
be the parent of a procedure that references a signal or variable (or
member of such) that has not been declared within the declarative region
formed by the pure function or the declarative region formed by the
procedure.  Furthermore, a procedure whose parent is a pure function
cannot contain a reference to a FILE object or to a shared variable.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram bodies]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1285:
A pure function cannot be the parent of an impure function; nor can it
be the parent of a procedure that references a signal or variable (or
member of such) that has not been declared within the declarative region
formed by the pure function or the declarative region formed by the
procedure.  Furthermore, a procedure whose parent is a pure function
cannot contain a reference to a FILE object or to a shared variable.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 2.2 Subprogram bodies]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1286:
It is an error if, in a given block configuration, more than one
configuration item is defined for the same block or component instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.3.1 Block configuration]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1287:
The name of the generic did not follow the required naming convention.
One or more required (underscore-separated) tokens were not found.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.


vcom Message # 1288:
The port name(s) extracted from the timing generic port specification
did not correspond to ports on the enclosing entity.
This message is for informational purposes only.


vcom Message # 1289:
A +acc or +floatgenerics switch, with an instance path specified, has
been applied to a FOR...GENERATE statement that cannot be unrolled.
Therefore, all iterations of the statement satisfy the instance path.


vcom Message # 1290:
The value of a signal is not defined until after the design hierarchy
has been elaborated. Use of the signal name in a declarative item is
prohibited because the value is undefined until the entire design has
been elaborated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3 Elaboration of a declarative part]


vcom Message # 1291:
The type of a formal port or parameter must be compatible with the type
of the actual expression associated with it. These types are not
compatible. A conversion function or a type conversion may be needed to
allow the association.


vcom Message # 1292:
The slice's discrete range was specified with a particular direction,
but the direction of the prefix of the slice name is not known.  Unless
the directions match in all situations, a simulation error will occur.


vcom Message # 1293:
The value of the index of the indexed name may not necessarily belong to
the index range of the prefix (at a particular index position).  This
message occurs when a known index value is used to index into an array
of an unconstrained array type.


vcom Message # 1294:
Two declarations that occur immediately within the same declarative
region must not be homographs, unless exactly one of them is the
declaration of a predefined operation.
Each of two declarations is said to be a homograph of the other if both
declarations have the same identifier, operator symbol, or character
literal, and if overloading is allowed for at most one of the two.
If overloading is allowed for both declarations, then each of the two is
a homograph of the other if they have the same identifier, operator
symbol, or character literal, as well as the same parameter and result
type profile (see 3.1.1).  Overloading is defined only for subprograms
(including those those whose designator is an operator symbol) and
enumeration literals (including character literals).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 10.3 Visibility]


vcom Message # 1295:
Two declarations that occur immediately within the same declarative
region must not be homographs, unless exactly one of them is the
declaration of a predefined operation.
Each of two declarations is said to be a homograph of the other if both
declarations have the same identifier, operator symbol, or character
literal, and if overloading is allowed for at most one of the two.
If overloading is allowed for both declarations, then each of the two is
a homograph of the other if they have the same identifier, operator
symbol, or character literal, as well as the same parameter and result
type profile (see 3.1.1).  Overloading is defined only for subprograms
(including those those whose designator is an operator symbol) and
enumeration literals (including character literals).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 10.3 Visibility]


vcom Message # 1296:
The identifiers and character literals listed by an enumeration type
must be distinct within the enumeration type definition.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1.1 Enumeration types]


vcom Message # 1297:
Two declarations that occur immediately within the same declarative
region must not be homographs, unless exactly one of them is the
declaration of a predefined operation.
Each of two declarations is said to be a homograph of the other if both
declarations have the same identifier, operator symbol, or character
literal, and if overloading is allowed for at most one of the two.
If overloading is allowed for both declarations, then each of the two is
a homograph of the other if they have the same identifier, operator
symbol, or character literal, as well as the same parameter and result
type profile (see 3.1.1).  Overloading is defined only for subprograms
(including those those whose designator is an operator symbol) and
enumeration literals (including character literals).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 10.3 Visibility]


vcom Message # 1298:
An OTHERS choice in a CASE statement can appear only as the only choice
in the last case statement alternative.
An OTHERS choice in a selected signal assignment statement can appear
only as the only choice in the last of the selected waveforms.
An OTHERS choice in a selected variable assignment statement can appear
only as the only choice in the last of the selected expressions.
An OTHERS choice in a case generate statement can appear only as the
only choice in the last case generate alternative.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 9.5.2 Selected signal assignments]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.6.4 Selected variable assignments]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1299:
An OTHERS choice in a CASE statement can appear only as the only choice
in the last case statement alternative.
An OTHERS choice in a selected signal assignment statement can appear
only as the only choice in the last of the selected waveforms.
An OTHERS choice in a selected variable assignment statement can appear
only as the only choice in the last of the selected expressions.
In this case, since the OTHERS choice is the last choice over all the
choices, we allow this non-compliant behavior.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 9.5.2 Selected signal assignments]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.6.4 Selected variable assignments]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1300:
Only object classes of VARIABLE, CONSTANT, and SIGNAL are valid for
external names.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1301:
The syntax for an external name does not allow a slice name to be present.
The pathname in an external name must refer to a single object, so a
slice of a FOR GENERATE statement label is not legal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1302:
An indexed name in the pathname of an external name is allowed only when
the prefix is a FOR GENERATE label and therefore only when there is
exactly one index expression present.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1303:
Only a globally static expression is allowed as the index expression
in an indexed name in the pathname of an external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1304:
A package pathname must denote an object declared in a package.
Either the pathname does not denote a package, or the named object does
not exist in the package.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1305:
The pathname prefix ".^." is a non-standard extension to VHDL pathnames
to allow VHDL in mixed language designs to reference other top level design
roots.  Use of this construct is non-portable.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1306:
The package referred to in the external name package pathname is not a package.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1307:
An external name must denote the entire target object.  When forming a
slice name or indexed name of an external object, the discrete range or
index expression(s) must appear after the closing ">>" which
terminates the external name that denotes that object.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1308:
The specified input Verilog port is not connected from the VHDL
instantiation of the Verilog module.


vcom Message # 1309:
When an external name is evaluated during elaboration, the target object
of the external name must already have been elaborated.
A common error is to declare an alias declaration that denotes an
external name that denotes an object in a design hierarchy (i.e., a
component instantiation statement) that appears in the statement part
corresponding to the declarative region where the alias declaration
appears.  For an external name that has a relative pathname, this can be
detected at compile time; other cases such as an absolute path or a path
that contains an up-scope reference cannot be detected until run time.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.4.1 Elaboration of declarative part, General]


vcom Message # 1310:
A resolution function must be a pure function.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 4.6 Resolution functions]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1311:
The total amount of memory any one array can occupy is limited to
2147483647 bytes.


vcom Message # 1312:
A selected name with a given suffix should refer either to an element of
an object or value of a record type, or to a method of a protected type.
Either the suffix name is incorrect or the expression is not of the
expected type.


vcom Message # 1313:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
encryption envelope.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.4 Encryption envelopes]


vcom Message # 1315:
An encrypt key specification implies a randomly generated data key.
Therefore, the presence of one or more encrypt key specifications means
that an encrypt data specification, if present, can contain only the
"data_method" keyword.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.4.3  Encrypt data specifications]


vcom Message # 1316:
When an encrypt key specification is given in an encryption envelope, a
data method must have been supplied.  If no data method was given, a
default method will be chosen by the encryption tool.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.4.3 Encrypt data specifications]


vcom Message # 1318:
When the expression of a CASE statement, selected signal assignment
statement, or selected variable assignment statement (2008 only) is of a
one-dimensional character array type, that array type must have a
locally static element subtype.  The text stating this requirement was
inadvertently dropped from the 2008 LRM.

[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1319:
All choices other than the OTHERS choice in a CASE statement, selected
signal assignment statement, or selected variable statement must have
the same length when the expression of the statement is of an array type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1320:
The expression of each element association of an array aggregate can be
of the element type or the type of the aggregate itself.  When an array
aggregate is of an array type whose element subtype is composite, it is
possible for certain kinds of its element association expressions to be
interpreted as being potentially either of these two types.  This will
normally happen only if the ambiguous expression is itself an aggregate
(because the type of an aggregate must be determined solely from the
context in which the aggregate appears, excluding the aggregate itself
but using the fact that the type of the aggregate shall be a composite
type) or a function call that identifies two overloaded functions.
This ambiguity is resolved in favor of the element type to support
backwards compatibility with prior versions of VHDL, in which the
element type was the only type considered.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1321:
If the type of the expression of an element association is the type of
the aggregate, then either the element association shall be positional
or [each of] the choice[s] shall be (a) discrete range[s].
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1322:
The array length and/or the value of the choice cannot be computed
because the choice is not locally static.  (A choice that is not
locally static is a non-compliant extension to the language that we
provide.)  It it not possible to make sure that the set of choices
contains no duplicate representations and/or that all the choices are of
the same length.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1323:
The compiler currently cannot evaluate the array length and/or the value
of the locally static choice.  Therefore it not possible to check that
the set of choices contains no duplicate representations and/or that all
the choices are of the same array length.
This capability will be available in a future release.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1324:
For an element association with a choice that is a discrete range and an
expression of the type of the aggregate, each element of the value of
the expression is the value of the element of the aggregate at the
matching index value in the range.  It is an error if the length of the
discrete range differs from the length of the value of the expression.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1325:
It is an error if the direction of the index range of an aggregate is
determined by the context, and an element association has a choice that
is a discrete range and an expression that is of the type of the
aggregate, and the direction of the discrete range differs from that of
the index range of the aggregate.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1326:
If an aggregate has a given element association with a choice that is a
discrete range and an expression that is of the type of the aggregate,
then it is an error if any other element association has a choice that
is a discrete range whose direction differs from that of the choice of
the given element association.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1327:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of type
STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it is an
error if the value of the expression is the scalar value '-' or an array
value containing the value '-'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1328:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of type
STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it is an
error if the value of the expression is the scalar value '-' or an array
value containing the value '-'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1329:
A choice given in the specified statement was a null range.
This choice will never match the expression value and will otherwise
have no effect.
This is for information only as it is not illegal.


vcom Message # 1330:
A choice appearing in a CASE statement, selected signal assignment
statement, or selected variable assignment statement cannot be an
aggregate with an OTHERS choice unless the statement expression is one
of the following:

    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype
    -- An expression described in this list and enclosed in parentheses

[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]

We are strictly compliant in matching CASE statements, matching selected
signal assignment statements, and matching selected variable assignment
statements.


vcom Message # 1331:
A choice appearing in a CASE statement, selected signal assignment
statement, or selected variable assignment statement cannot be an
aggregate with an OTHERS choice unless the statement expression is one
of the following:

    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype
    -- An expression described in this list and enclosed in parentheses

[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]

We allow this in ordinary CASE statements, ordinary selected signal
assignment statements, and ordinary selected variable assignment
statements even if the array length of the statement expression is not
known but the aggregate does not violate any other restrictions on
aggregates.  However, there are some drawbacks to allowing this kind of
non-compliant behavior:

1) The requirement that each value of the subtype of the expression be
   represented once and only once in the set of choices, with no other
   values allowed, cannot be enforced.
2) In general, a simulator performance slowdown (relative to an
   LRM-compliant statement) can be expected.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1332:
A choice appearing in a CASE statement, selected signal assignment
statement, or selected variable assignment statement cannot be an
aggregate with an OTHERS choice unless the statement expression is one
of the following:

    -- The name of an object whose subtype is locally static
    -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list
       and whose indexing expressions are locally static expressions
    -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
       whose discrete range is a locally static discrete range
    -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a locally static
       subtype
    -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark
       denotes a locally static subtype
    -- An expression described in this list and enclosed in parentheses

[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]

We allow this in ordinary CASE statements, ordinary selected signal
assignment statements, and ordinary selected variable assignment
statements as long as the array length of the statement expression is
known and the aggregate does not violate any other restrictions on
aggregates.  The requirement that each value of the subtype of the
expression be represented once and only once in the set of choices, with
no other values allowed, will still be enforced.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1333:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of
type STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it
is an error if application of the predefined matching equality operator
to the values of any two distinct choices other than the choice OTHERS
gives the result '1'.
All possible values of the expression must be represented once and only
once in the set of distinct choices.  Since choice values '0' and 'L',
and '1' and 'H', each represent the same values, both values cannot be
present in any two distinct choices.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1334:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of
type STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it
is an error if application of the predefined matching equality operator
to the values of any two distinct choices other than the choice OTHERS
gives the result '1'.
All possible values of the expression must be represented once and only
once in the set of distinct choices.  Since choice values '0' and 'L',
and '1' and 'H', each represent the same values, both values cannot be
present in any two distinct choices.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1335:
The matching choice value does not represent any value of the statement
expression.  For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment
statement, or selected variable assignment statement whose expression
is of type STD_ULOGIC, only the values '0' '1' 'L' 'H' and '-' are
permitted as choices; also, the expression subtype must have a value
that can be represented by such a choice value.  Similarly, when the
expression is of an array type, the array choices must contain only
these values (metavalues other than '-' are not legal), and the element
subtype of the array must have at least one value value that can be
represented by any of the elements of the array choice.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1336:
The matching choice range does not represent any value of the statement
expression.  In particular, for a matching case statement, selected
signal assignment statement, or selected variable assignment statement
in which the expression is of type STD_ULOGIC, a choice that is a range
must contain at least one of the values '0' '1' 'L' 'H' and '-'; also,
the expression subtype must have a value that can be represented by at
least one of the values in the choice range.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1337:
The scalar choice value does not belong to the range of the statement
expression.  This violates the "no other value is allowed" requirement
imposed on the values of the choices.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1338:
The scalar range choice contains a value that does not belong to the
range of the statement expression.  This violates the "no other value
is allowed" requirement imposed on the values of the choices.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1339:
Each possible value of the expression must be represented once and only
once in the set of choices.
For a sequential CASE statement, if the expression is the name of an
object whose subtype is locally static (likewise, qualified expression
or type conversion with locally static type mark, or call to a function
with locally static return type), the set of possible values depends on
that locally static subtype; otherwise it depends on the base type.
For a CASE GENERATE statement, if the expression is the name of an
object whose subtype is globally static (likewise, qualified expression
or type conversion with globally static type mark, or call to a function
with globally static return type), the set of possible values depends on
that globally static subtype; otherwise it depends on the base type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1340:
For a VHDL 2008 matching case statement, selected signal assignment
statement, or selected variable assignment statement, when the statement
expression is of a type that is a one-dimensional array of STD_ULOGIC,
each value of either the subtype (when locally static) or base type of
the expression must be represented once and only once in the set of
choices.  A value is represented if application of the predefined
matching equality operator to the value and the choice gives the result
'1'.  An array value that contains '-' is illegal and is not considered
to be part of set of values that must be represented in the choices.  If
the element subtype of the array includes one or more of the metavalues
'U', 'X', 'Z', or 'W', then the set of choices must include an OTHERS
choice, or there must be exactly one choice whose every element is the
value '-' (this may be followed optionally by an OTHERS choice, which
would represent unreachable code).
If the element subtype of the array comprises exactly '0' and '1', or
'L' and 'H', (such that no metavalues are present), then the set of
choices must represent exactly 2**N values, for a given array length N.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1341:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of
type STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it
is an error if application of the predefined matching equality operator
to the values of any two distinct choices other than the choice OTHERS
gives the result '1'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1342:
For an ordinary case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement, it is an error if any two
choices other than the OTHERS choice have the same value.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1343:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of type
STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it is an
error if the value of the expression is the scalar value '-' or an array
value containing the value '-'.
In this case, a non-locally static value was able to be inferred to be
a constant value, so the runtime code will raise a fatal error if
executed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1344:
For a matching case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the expression is of type
STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it is an
error if the value of the expression is the scalar value '-' or an array
value containing the value '-'.
In this case, a non-locally static value was able to be inferred to be
a constant value, so the runtime code will raise a fatal error if
executed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1345:
For an ordinary case statement, selected signal assignment statement, or
selected variable assignment statement in which the statement expression
is of an array type and in which neither the expression nor any of the
choices has a known array length, there are some semantic checks that
will not be performed because of the non-compliant behavior being
supported.  The semantic checks that will not be performed are:
   1) all values of the expression must be represented by the choices
   2) no duplicate choices are allowed
   3) all choices must be of the same array length
   4) each choice must be of the same length as the expression
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vcom Message # 1346:
A default expression in an interface declaration must be a globally
static expression.  Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 4.3.3 Interface Declarations]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 4.3.2 Interface declarations]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.2 Interface object declarations]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1347:
It is an error if a composite type contains elements of file types or
protected types.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3 Composite types]


vcom Message # 1348:
The prefix of an indexed name must be appropriate for an array type.
The prefix of a slice name must be appropriate for a one-dimensional
array object.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.4 Indexed names]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vcom Message # 1349:
The type of the target of the variable or signal assignment could not be
determined.  This usually occurs when the target is an aggregate and
there are several array types visible.  Note that the type of an
aggregate must be determinable from the context in which it appears, and
the contents of the aggregate cannot be used.  When both the target and
the right hand side of an assignment statement are aggregates, then *all*
composite types must be considered when determining the types involved,
which usually results in this error.  Disambiguate the aggregate type by
using a qualified expression (type_mark'aggregate) on the right hand side.


vcom Message # 1350:
In an array constraint of the 2nd form, the reserved word OPEN appears
as the only lexical element enclosed in a single set of parentheses.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1351:
In an array constraint of the 2nd form, the reserved word OPEN appears
as the only lexical element enclosed in a single set of parentheses.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General]


vcom Message # 1352:
In an array constraint of the 2nd form, the type to which the reserved
word OPEN applies must be an array type or an access type whose
designated type is an array type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General]


vcom Message # 1353:
The type to which an element constraint applies must be either an array
type or a record type, or an access type whose designated type is an
array type or a record type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.3 Record types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.3 Subtype declarations]


vcom Message # 1354:
The type to which an element constraint applies must be either an array
type or a record type, or an access type whose designated type is an
array type or a record type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.3 Record types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.3 Subtype declarations]


vcom Message # 1355:
An array constraint comprises a comma-separated sequence of discrete
ranges, the reserved word OPEN, or a comma-separated sequence of record
element constraints, enclosed in set of parentheses.
A record element constraint comprises a record element simple name
followed by an element constraint.  The element constraint must be
an array constraint or a record constraint, depending on the element
denoted by the record element simple name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.3 Record types]


vcom Message # 1356:
A record element constraint comprises a record element simple name
followed by an element constraint.  The element constraint must be
an array constraint or a record constraint, depending on the element
denoted by the record element simple name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.3 Record types]


vcom Message # 1357:
A record constraint comprises a single set of record element constraints
enclosed in parentheses.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.3 Record types]


vcom Message # 1358:
The array constraint applies to a subtype or a subelement that is
already of a constrained array subtype.  If the type mark is one of
the predefined attribute names A'ELEMENT (when A is an object) or
O'SUBTYPE, there cannot be either an array constraint or a record
constraint applied because the denoted subtypes are already fully
constrained; the only exception is when the denoted subtype is an array
type and the constraint is the reserved word OPEN.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.2 Predefined attributes of types and objects]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges]


vcom Message # 1359:
There are duplicate record element names in a record constraint for the
record type being constrained.  Although technically not illegal, it is
presumed to be illegal and merely an oversight in the LRM.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.3 Record types]


vcom Message # 1360:
The object is declared to be of an array type that is not a constrained
array subtype.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges
  For a variable or signal [that is an array object or that is an array
  subelement of a composite object] declared by an object declaration,
  the subtype indication of the corresponding object declaration shall
  define a fully constrained subtype (and thereby, the index range for
  each index of the array object or subelement).


vcom Message # 1361:
The object is of a subtype that is not fully constrained.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges
  For a variable or signal [that is an array object or that is an array
  subelement of a composite object] declared by an object declaration,
  the subtype indication of the corresponding object declaration shall
  define a fully constrained subtype (and thereby, the index range for
  each index of the array object or subelement).


vcom Message # 1362:
In an array aggregate in which the element is of an array type (array
type is array of arrays), or in which the element is a subarray (array
type is a multidimensional array), the compiler was not able to compute
the index range of any of the expressions at a particular subelement
depth or index position.  The check that each of the array expressions
is of the same array subtype or of the same length cannot be performed.
The matching element check (array length check) will be deferred until
the simulator evaluates this aggregate.


vcom Message # 1363:
The number of array elements present in the array aggregate does not
equal the array length at the corresponding index position.  This is a
matching element test that has failed (see [7.2.2 Relational operators]
in the IEEE Std 1076-2002 LRM).


vcom Message # 1364:
The choice values given in the individual association elements of the
formal correspond to a different number of array elements than the type
of the formal has at that index position.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 506:
  Furthermore, every scalar subelement of the explicitly declared
  interface object must be associated exactly once with an actual (or
  subelement thereof) in the same association list, and all such
  associations must appear in a contiguous sequence within that
  association list.


vcom Message # 1365:
When forming a null array value, the base type of the index subtype of
the array type must have at least 2 values.  The pathological case here
is that the index subtype of the array type is an enumeration type with
only one enumeration literal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.2 Literals]


vcom Message # 1366:
The implementation exhibits non-compliant behavior when a named element
association has an expression that is of the type of the element of the
aggregate and when a choice in the named element association is a range
or is OTHERS.  For each such choice, the expression is evaluated only once
instead of being evaluated once for each of the elements of the array
being represented by the choice.  In particular, this may have a real
effect when the expression involves an impure function call or otherwise
has side-effects.


vcom Message # 1367:
The LRM clause [9.3.3.3 Array aggregates] lists the places where an
aggregate (or subaggregate) with an OTHERS choice may appear.  These
places generally involve a fully constrained array subtype or a slice
name.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates:
  The index range of an array aggregate that has an OTHERS choice shall
  be determinable from the context. That is, an array aggregate with an
  OTHERS choice shall appear only in one of the following contexts...


vcom Message # 1368:
The predefined attribute names A'ELEMENT (when A is an object) and
O'SUBTYPE cannot have either an array constraint or a record constraint
applied because the denoted subtypes are already fully constrained.
The only exception is when the denoted subtype is an array type and the
constraint is the reserved word OPEN.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.2 Predefined attributes of types and objects]


vcom Message # 1369:
The record constraint is attempting to impose an index constraint on a
record subelement that is already of a constrained array subtype.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General]


vcom Message # 1370:
An array type or record type has a subelement of a record type.  That
embedded record type itself has an element of an array type whose index
range(s) could not be determined by the compiler.  For the embedded
array(s), the check that each of the array expressions is of the same
array subtype or of the same length cannot be performed.  The matching
element check (array length check) will be deferred until the simulator
evaluates this aggregate.


vcom Message # 1371:
The predefined attribute names A'ELEMENT (when A is an object) and
O'SUBTYPE cannot have an element constraint applied because the denoted
subtype is already fully constrained.  The only exception is the
reserved word OPEN applied to an array subtype in an array constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.2 Predefined attributes of types and objects]


vcom Message # 1372:
Expecting a record element name here, but found it in a context that
is not part of a valid record constraint.


vcom Message # 1373:
The record type was compiled with VHDL 2008 and is either unconstrained
or partially constrained.  It cannot be used in any language version
prior to VHDL 2008.


vcom Message # 1380:
The name is ambiguous according to the visibility rules.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 10.4 Use clauses, line 234:
  Potentially visible declarations that have the same designator are not
  made directly visible unless each of them is either an enumeration
  literal specification or the declaration of a subprogram (either by a
  subprogram declaration or by an implicit declaration).
========================================================================
NOTE: Suppressing this message is STRONGLY discouraged because of the
      non-compliant nature of this feature.  Suppressing this message is
      recommended ONLY for those legacy designs that will not compile
      without suppressing this message, and only when those designs
      cannot be modified to make them VHDL compliant.  Note that this
      message cannot have its severity level reduced to NOTE or WARNING.
If the list of potentially visible declarations comprises only
subprograms, enumeration literals, and/or physical units, then this
message can be suppressed so that physical unit(s) are treated as
overloadable in the same manner that enumeration literals are
overloadable.  The signature of an overloadable physical unit can be
considered to be
   [RETURN <physical_type_name>]
========================================================================


vcom Message # 1381:
The identifier could not be determined to be either a function call or
an enumeration literal because there are visible declarations for both
that can be used in this context.


vcom Message # 1382:
The VHDL 2002 LRM prohibits evaluating a primary that denotes a shared
variable or a method of the protected type of a shared variable during
the elaboration of a declarative item.
Protected types were not introduced until VHDL 2002, at which point
shared variables are required to be of a protected type (QuestaSim does
not enforce this restriction).  Because shared variables existed prior
to VHDL 2002, QuestaSim enforces the prohibition on evaluating shared
variables during elaboration of a declarative item if and only if the
shared variable is of a protected type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 12.3 Elaboration of a declarative part]


vcom Message # 1383:
Because neither the port nor the actual expression is fully constrained,
it is impossible to form a legal signal declaration for the implicit
signal required to make the connection between the port and the
non-static (or INERTIAL) actual expression.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clauses]:
If the actual part of a given association element for a formal port of a
block is the reserved word INERTIAL followed by an expression, or is an
expression that is not globally static, then the given association
element is equivalent to association of the port with an anonymous
signal implicitly declared in the declarative region that immediately
encloses the block. The signal has the same subtype as the formal port...


vcom Message # 1384:
The expression in each element association of an aggregate target of
either a variable assignment statement or a signal assignment statement
must be a static name.
QuestaSim relaxes this rule when the expression is an aggregate itself to
allow subaggregates (for multidimensional array types) and other
aggregates appearing inside an outer aggregate to be used, even though
technically an aggregate (subaggregate or not) is not a static name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.5.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.6.2.1 General]


vcom Message # 1385:
The expression in each element association of an aggregate target of
either a variable assignment statement or a signal assignment statement
must be a static name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.5.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.6.2.1 General]


vcom Message # 1386:
The direction of the index range of an array aggregate target of a
variable assignment or signal assignment statement is computed according
to the rules given in [9.3.3.3 Array aggregates] in the 2008 LRM.  When
the aggregate is a named array aggregate, none of whose choices is a
range, this direction is the direction of the index subtype of the base
array type.  This warning is produced when the choices of the element
associations of the aggregate are arranged in a lexical order that seems
to imply a desired direction that is the opposite of the correct
direction.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1387:
The direction of the index range of an array aggregate target of a
variable assignment or signal assignment statement is different from the
array value of the right hand side of the assignment statement.


vcom Message # 1388:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 7.3.6 Allocators, line 545
  If an allocator includes a subtype indication and if the type of the
  object created is an array type, then the subtype indication must
  either denote a constrained subtype or include an explicit index
  constraint.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 9.3.7 Allocators
  If an allocator includes a subtype indication and if the type of the
  object created is an array type or a record type, then the subtype
  indication shall denote fully constrained subtype.


vcom Message # 1389:
An array aggregate with an OTHERS choice cannot appear as the operand of
an operator that has the operand declared to be of an unconstrained
array type.
The LRM clause [9.3.3.3 Array aggregates] lists the places where an
aggregate (or subaggregate) with an OTHERS choice may appear.  These
places generally involve a fully constrained array subtype or a slice
name.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates:
  The index range of an array aggregate that has an OTHERS choice shall
  be determinable from the context. That is, an array aggregate with an
  OTHERS choice shall appear only in one of the following contexts...


vcom Message # 1390:
The number of indices in an indexed name must match the number of index
positions in the array type of the prefix (the dimensionality of the
array type of the prefix.
Similarly, an index constraint in a subtype indication must have the
same number of discrete ranges as there are index positions in the array
type being constrained.


vcom Message # 1391:
The type of the object created by an allocator must be the designated
of some access type.  A common mistake is to follow the reserved word
NEW with a subtype indication or a qualified expression whose base type
is the access type instead of the access type's designated type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.7 Allocators


vcom Message # 1392:
The predefined attributes S'DELAYED, S'STABLE, and S'QUIET must not have
a parameter that is a negative value of TIME.  The parameter value has
an apparent negative value because it is, or is derived from, a TIME
literal that has an abstract literal multiplier that is a negative
number.  The simulator will truncate a negative TIME value to 0.  This
message can be suppressed or have its severity level changed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes], line 243


vcom Message # 1393:
The TIME expression following the reserved word REJECT must have neither
a negative value nor a value that is greater than the TIME expression
associated with the first waveform element.
This message can be suppressed or have its severity level changed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.4 Signal assignment statement], line 194


vcom Message # 1394:
A type conversion comprises a type mark and a single expression enclosed
in parentheses.  The expression must not be a range and must not be the
literal NULL, an allocator, an aggregate, or a string literal
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions], line 490


vcom Message # 1395:
A type conversion comprises a type mark and a single expression enclosed
in parentheses.  The expression (operand) must not be a range and must
not be the literal NULL, an allocator, an aggregate, or a string literal
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions], line 490


vcom Message # 1396:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.1 Interface lists, line 414
  A name that denotes an interface object may not appear in any
  interface declaration within the interface list containing the denoted
  interface object except to declare this object.

IEEE Std 1076-2008, 6.5.6.1 General:
  A name that denotes an interface object declared in a port interface
  list or a parameter interface list shall not appear in any interface
  declaration within the interface list containing the denoted interface
  object except to declare this object. A name that denotes an interface
  declaration in a generic interface list may appear in an interface
  declaration within the interface list containing the denoted interface
  declaration.


vcom Message # 1397:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.6 Package bodies, line 453
  Within a package declaration that contains the declaration of a
  deferred constant, and within the body of that package (before the end
  of the corresponding full declaration), the use of a name that denotes
  the deferred constant is only allowed in the default expression for a
  local generic, local port, or formal parameter.  The result of
  evaluating an expression that references a deferred constant before
  the elaboration of the corresponding full declaration is not defined
  by the language.


vcom Message # 1398:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.6 Package bodies, line 453
  Within a package declaration that contains the declaration of a
  deferred constant, and within the body of that package (before the end
  of the corresponding full declaration), the use of a name that denotes
  the deferred constant is only allowed in the default expression for a
  local generic, local port, or formal parameter.  The result of
  evaluating an expression that references a deferred constant before
  the elaboration of the corresponding full declaration is not defined
  by the language.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1399:
The file does not contain data that is compatible with what is expected
for the product, product version, or platform.


vcom Message # 1400:
The signal is read by at least one of the statements of the process
statement but does not appear in the sensitivity list of the process.


vcom Message # 1401:
The signal appears in the sensitivity list of the process but is not
being read in any of the statements in the process statement.


vcom Message # 1410:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1411:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1412:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1413:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1414:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1415:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1416:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1417:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1418:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1419:
See the VITAL LRM as indicated in the message.


vcom Message # 1420:
See the specification for the DVFS prototype.


vcom Message # 1421:
See the specification for the DVFS prototype.


vcom Message # 1422:
See the specification for the DVFS prototype.


vcom Message # 1423:
See the specification for the DVFS prototype.


vcom Message # 1424:
Since external names denote declared objects, and since subelements of a
declared object are not themselves declared objects, it is not legal to
denote an element of a record object using an external name.
Rather, an external name denoting the declared object (of a record type)
can be used as the prefix of a selected name; the suffix of the selected
name shall denote the element of the record.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1425:
This is a warning about non-compliant behavior with respect to absolute
pathnames in VHDL external names. Absolute VHDL external names require
that the first pathname element be the name of the root design entity.
Early releases incorrectly allowed the root design name to be omitted
and would use the design root in which the external name occurs to be
used as the starting point of the external name absolute path. Now the
behavior is first to search the design roots for a matching entity name.
If that fails, then the old non-compliant behavior is used to try to
resolve the pathname.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1426:
The syntax for an attribute declaration requires a type mark, not a
subtype indication, after the ':' delimiter.  A type mark is the name of
a type or subtype and does not contain a constraint.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1427:
An element association with more than one choice, or with the choice
OTHERS, is only allowed if the elements specified are all of the same
type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.1 Record aggregates]


vcom Message # 1428:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.2 Record types, line 473:
  The use of a name that denotes a record element is not allowed within
  the record type definition that declares the element.


vcom Message # 1429:
The value of a signal is not defined until after the design hierarchy is
elaborated. Use of the signal name in a declarative item is prohibited
because the value is undefined until the entire design has been
elaborated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3 Elaboration of a declarative part]


vcom Message # 1430:
A VHDL external name can denote only an object declared in the
declarative region of an Entity, an Architecture, a Block statement, a
Generate statement, or a Package declaration.  A generic or port of an
Entity can also be denoted.
However, in particular, an external name cannot denote an object
declared in a PROCESS statement or a Subprogram.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1431:
A limitation of the implementation of protected types requires that a
FILE object declaration inside a protected type body be of a file type
that was compiled with language version 1993 or later.


vcom Message # 1432:
If a generic list contains an interface element that is an interface
type declaration, then any corresponding GENERIC MAP aspect must contain
a corresponding subtype indication actual.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.3 Interface type declarations]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.7.2 Generic map aspects]


vcom Message # 1433:
IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.5 Interface package declarations.
The interface package element must contain the name of an uninstantiated
package.


vcom Message # 1434:
Reserved word INERTIAL in an association element of an association list
can appear only in a PORT MAP aspect, and only when the PORT to which it
applies is of mode IN.  It is not valid in a GENERIC MAP aspect or in a
subprogram association list.
[DOC:  IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]
  Moreover, the ports of a block may be associated with an expression in
  order to provide these ports with constant driving values; such ports
  must be of mode in.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clauses]
  Moreover, the ports of a block may be associated with an expression in
  order to provide these ports with constant driving values or with
  values derived from signals and other ports; such ports shall be of
  mode in.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.7.1 General]
  It is an error if the reserved word INERTIAL appears in an association
  element other than in a port map aspect.


vcom Message # 1435:
Reserved word INERTIAL in an association element of an association list
can appear only for a port that is of mode IN.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clause]


vcom Message # 1436:
VHDL 1993 through VHDL 2002 allowed an expression to be associated with
a formal port in a port map as long as the expression was globally
static and the port was of mode IN.  VHDL 2008 now allows non-static
expressions as well. Use the -2008 switch to vcom to enable this
feature.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clause]


vcom Message # 1438:
The reserved word INERTIAL preceding an actual expression in a port map
causes the creation of an implicit signal to represent the value; this
in turn causes a delta to be inserted between the expression and the
formal.  In this case, the expression is static so normally the implicit
signal and the delta delay would not be present, but the inclusion of
INERTIAL causes the expression to be treated as though it were not
static.  This is not illegal, it is just a bit unorthodox.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clause]


vcom Message # 1439:
It is an error if a process statement with the reserved word ALL as its
process sensitivity list is the parent of a subprogram declared in a
design unit other than that containing the process statement, and the
subprogram reads an explicitly declared signal that is not a formal signal
parameter or member of a formal signal parameter of the subprogram or of
any of its parents. Similarly, it is an error if such a subprogram reads
an implicit signal whose explicit ancestor is not a formal signal parameter
or member of a formal parameter of the subprogram or of any of its parents.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.3 Process Statement]

This is warning in the incr flow because the sensitivity is correctly formed without
sensitivity to the non-parameter signal read, and incremental compilation rules
allow the package body to be revised later, possibly removing this read.


vcom Message # 1440:
The specified language feature is not supported yet.


vcom Message # 1441:
This version of the language does not support the specified language
feature.


vcom Message # 1442:
IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses.
Interface type declarations, interface subprogram declarations, and
interface package declarations can appear only in GENERIC interface
lists.


vcom Message # 1443:
If a generic list contains an interface element that is an interface
package declaration, then any corresponding GENERIC MAP aspect must
contain a corresponding package instance actual that specifies an
instance of the package named in the formal generic package declaration.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.5 Interface package declarations]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.7.2 Generic map aspects]


vcom Message # 1444:
It is illegal syntax if another expression appears in a sensitivity list
along with reserved word ALL.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.3 Process statement]


vcom Message # 1445:
The sensitivity list contains a duplicate signal name.  Perhaps this is
a typographical error.


vcom Message # 1446:
This is is illegal syntax and may involve attempting to use a reserved
word as an identifier.


vcom Message # 1447:
A default binding selected an entity that doesn't have any architectures.
Therefore the component instance will be unbound (open).  To avoid this,
either an architecture needs to be compiled for this entity, or there
needs to be an explicit binding indication specified in a configuration
specification or a component configuration.


vcom Message # 1448:
The syntax for a bit string literal is:
 [ integer ] base_specifier"[ bit_value ]"
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 15.8 Bit string literals]


vcom Message # 1449:
When the specified length of a bit string literal is less than the
number of characters in the expanded bit value, characters are deleted
from the left of the expanded bit value so that the number of remaining
characters in the expanded bit value equals the specified length.
For an unsigned bit string literal all the deleted characters must be 0.
For a signed bit string literal all the deleted characters must be the same
as the leftmost remaining character in the expanded bit value.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 15.8 Bit string literals]


vcom Message # 1450:
The actual designator must be a static signal name.
In particular, the actual signal associated with a class signal
subprogram parameter, or the actual signal associated with a port in a
port map, must be a static signal name.
In VHDL 2008, a non-static signal name is considered to be a non-static
expression and will adhere to the semantics for that.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 4.2.2.3 Signal parameters,
                                  - 6.5.6.3 Port clauses,
                                  - 8.1 General]


vcom Message # 1451:
The actual designator is not a static signal name, it is an expression.
In a VHDL 1987 port map, the actual designator in an association element
must be either a static signal name or a conversion function call whose
only argument is a static signal name.
In a subprogram association list in any VHDL language version, the
actual associated with a class SIGNAL subprogram parameter must be a
static signal name.
Later versions of VHDL allow flexibility in the actual in a port map.
Try using the -93, -2002, or -2008 switch to vcom.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters,
                                    4.3.3.2 Association Lists]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters]


vcom Message # 1452:
An element of a record type can have at most one resolution indication
associated with it in a subtype indication.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.3 Subtype declarations]


vcom Message # 1453:
A record element resolution must refer to an element of the record type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.3 Subtype declarations]


vcom Message # 1454:
VHDL 1993 and later allows an expression to be used as the actual for a
formal port as long as the port is of mode IN.  However, if the port is
a component port and it is of mode INOUT, we will allow an expression as
the actual as long as the entity port that the component port binds to
is of mode IN and the expression is globally static.


vcom Message # 1455:
It is an error if the context clause preceding a library unit that is a
context declaration is not empty.
No LIBRARY clauses, USE clauses, or CONTEXT references may appear before
the start of a CONTEXT declaration.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 13.1 Design units]


vcom Message # 1456:
Library clauses, use clauses and context references within a context
declaration must not refer to the library logical name WORK.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 13.3 Context Declarations]


vcom Message # 1457:
The actual associated with an interface type (generic type) must be a
subtype indication.


vcom Message # 1458:
Signals, Constants and Generics may not be of an access type or of a
composite type that contains an access type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.2 Constant declarations,
                                    6.4.2.3 Signal declarations]


vcom Message # 1459:
The previous errors and warnings occurred when loading or instantiating
a related externally declared declaration, as happens with:
  -- a package instantiation of an uninstantiated package declaration
  -- a context reference to a context declaration


vcom Message # 1460:
Constants may not be of a protected type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.2 Constant declarations]


vcom Message # 1461:
Constants may not be of a file type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.2 Constant declarations]


vcom Message # 1462:
Constants may not be of an access type or of a composite type that
contains an access type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.2 Constant declarations]


vcom Message # 1463:
Constants and variables may not be of an incomplete type or of a
composite type that contains an incomplete type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.4.2 Incomplete type declarations]


vcom Message # 1464:
Signals may not be of a protected type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.3  Signal declarations]


vcom Message # 1465:
Signals may not be of a file type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.3  Signals declarations]


vcom Message # 1466:
Signals may not be of an access type or of a composite type that
contains an access type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.3 Signal declarations]


vcom Message # 1467:
Signals may not be of an incomplete type or of a composite type that
contains an incomplete type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.4.2 Incomplete type declarations]


vcom Message # 1468:
In VHDL 1993 and later, objects of a file type must be of class FILE.


vcom Message # 1469:
In VHDL 1987, objects of a file type must be of class VARIABLE.


vcom Message # 1470:
If an interface subprogram declaration contains an interface subprogram
default in the form of a subprogram name, the subprogram name shall
denote a subprogram[.]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.4 Interface subprogram declarations]


vcom Message # 1471:
The actual (subtype indication) associated with an interface type in an
association list cannot be a protected type or a file type.  While there
is no normative text to establish these restrictions, Note 6 in
[6.4.2.4 Variable declarations] and Note 2 in
[6.4.2.5 File declarations] assert these restrictions.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.4 Variable declarations]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.5 File declarations]


vcom Message # 1472:
A shared variable declaration cannot have a subtype indication that is
an interface type.  Shared variables must be of a protected type, and it
is illegal to associate a protected type with an interface type in an
association list.  This means there is no way to establish a protected
type as the actual type of the shared variable.  See message #1471 re
protected types.
We allow this with the caveat as explained in message #1236.  Use the
-pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.4 Variable declarations]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1473:
If a generic list contains an interface element that is an interface
subprogram declaration that does not include an interface subprogram
default, then the corresponding GENERIC MAP aspect must contain a
corresponding actual name that denotes a subprogram whose profile
conforms to that of the subprogram specified by the interface subprogram.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.4 Interface subprogram declarations]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 6.5.7.2 Generic map aspects]


vcom Message # 1474:
The selected name in a context reference must comprise a prefix that
denotes a library and a suffix that denotes a context declaration that
exists as a design unit in that library.
   It is an error if a selected name in a context reference does not
   denote a context declaration.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 13.4 Context clauses]


vcom Message # 1475:
The selected name in a context reference must comprise a prefix that
denotes a library and a suffix that denotes a context declaration that
exists as a design unit in that library.
   It is an error if a selected name in a context reference does not
   denote a context declaration.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 13.4 Context clauses]


vcom Message # 1476:
An actual associated with a formal generic subprogram shall be a name
that denotes a subprogram whose profile conforms to that of the formal,
or the reserved word OPEN.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.7.2 Generic map aspects]


vcom Message # 1477:
The actual associated with a formal generic subprogram must denote a
subprogram or subprogram instance whose signature conforms to the
signature of the interface subprogram.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses]


vcom Message # 1478:
The interface subprogram was unassociated or associated with OPEN, and
no visible subprogram conformed to the interface subprogram default
specification.


vcom Message # 1479:
It is an error if no actual is specified [or if it is associated with
OPEN] for a given formal generic subprogram and no interface subprogram
default is present in the corresponding interface element.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses]


vcom Message # 1480:
The subtype denoted by a generic type is specified by the corresponding
actual in a generic association list.  It is an error if no such actual
is specified for a given generic type (either because the formal generic
is unassociated or because the actual is OPEN).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses]


vcom Message # 1481:
The subtype denoted by a generic type is specified by the corresponding
actual in a generic association list.  It is an error if no such actual
is specified for a given generic type (either because the formal generic
is unassociated or because the actual is OPEN).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses]


vcom Message # 1482:
The parameter specification of a FOR LOOP or a FOR GENERATE statement
includes the reserved word IN followed by a discrete range.  A discrete
range is a subtype indication or a range, the type of which must be a
discrete type (an integer type or an enumeration type).  If this error
is suppressed or otherwise has its severity level downgraded, then the
subtype, not the value, of the expression will be used as the range over
which the loop iterations will occur.
Note that if the expression here is potentially illegal (for example, if
it contains an indexed name with an index value that does not satisfy
the constraint of the corresponding index range of the prefix's array
subtype), then it will not be tested for validity other than to confirm
that the subtype of the expression is of discrete type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1070-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.10 Loop statement
                                    11.8 Generate statements

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1483:
VHDL 1993 through VHDL 2002 allowed an expression to be associated with
a formal port in a port map as long as the expression was globally
static and the port was of mode IN.  VHDL 2008 now allows non-static
expressions as well. Use the -2008 switch to vcom to enable this
feature.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clause]


vcom Message # 1484:
The identifier to the left of the '=>' delimiter must denote the name of
a generic, port, or subprogram parameter of the component, entity,
subprogram, block, or package being referenced.


vcom Message # 1485:
It is an error if the actual subprogram [associated with an interface
subprogram], whether explicitly associated or associated by default, is
IMPURE and the formal generic subprogram is PURE.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1486:
The name provided for an actual that is to be associated with an interface
subprogram must denote a unique subprogram.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.2 Generic clauses]


vcom Message # 1487:
For a context to have any effect it must appear in a context reference.
A context reference is the reserved word CONTEXT followed by a selected
that denotes a context declaration.
A USE clause makes certain declarations directly visible within a design
unit and does not in particular cause a context declaration to be
expanded in the same manner that a context reference does.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 12.4 Use clauses, 13.4 Context clauses]


vcom Message # 1488:
In a FOR LOOP or FOR GENERATE statement, an attribute name is allowed as
the discrete range provided the attribute is attribute of kind RANGE or
SUBTYPE. Valid attributes are RANGE, REVERSE_RANGE, SUBTYPE, and ELEMENT.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1070-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.10 Loop statement
                                    11.8 Generate statements
                                    16.1 Predefined attributes


vcom Message # 1489:
There are some places where an expression must be of a discrete type.
A discrete type is either an integer type or an enumeration type.
The places include:
  1 - Index constraint in a constrained array definition
  2 - Discrete range of a FOR LOOP/FOR GENERATE statement
  3 - Expression of a CASE statement
  4 - Expression of a selected signal assignment statement
  5 - Expression of a selected variable assignment statement
[DOC: IEEE Std 1070-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General
                                    10.10 Loop statement
                                    11.8 Generate statements
                                    10.9 Case statement
                                    10.5.4 Selected signal assignments
                                    10.6.4 Selected variable assignments


vcom Message # 1490:
Due to compatiablity issues, the 10.1x version of VHDL does not allow signal parameters
in a VHDL-2002 scope to be passed as an actual to a VHDL-2008 out mode signal parameter.


vcom Message # 1491:
All source files for the compiler are empty or contain only comments and
white space characters.
At least one design unit is required.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 13.1 Design units

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1492:
In generic map aspects, every interface subprogram must be associated with
either an instance of an uninstantiated subprogram, or a simple subprogram.


vcom Message # 1493:
An alternative label shall not appear at the end of the generate
statement body in a FOR GENERATE statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements


vcom Message # 1494:
If a label appears at the end of a generate statement body [after END]
in an IF GENERATE statement, then the immediately enclosing IF, ELSIF,
or ELSE part of the IF GENERATE statement shall include an alternative
label, and the label at the end of the generate statement body shall
repeat the alternative label.  Similarly, if a label appears at the end
of a generate statement body in a CASE GENERATE, then the immediately
enclosing case generate alternative of the CASE GENERATE statement shall
include an alternative label [after WHEN], and the label at the end of
the generate statement body shall repeat the alternative label.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements


vcom Message # 1495:
If a label appears at the end of a generate statement body [after END]
in an IF GENERATE statement, then the immediately enclosing IF, ELSIF,
or ELSE part of the IF GENERATE statement shall include an alternative
label, and the label at the end of the generate statement body shall
repeat the alternative label.  Similarly, if a label appears at the end
of a generate statement body in a CASE GENERATE, then the immediately
enclosing case generate alternative of the CASE GENERATE statement shall
include an alternative label [after WHEN], and the label at the end of
the generate statement body shall repeat the alternative label.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements


vcom Message # 1496:
The ELSE GENERATE part (if present) of an IF GENERATE statement must be
the last part present; the syntax does not allow additional IF, ELSIF,
or ELSE parts after the ELSE GENERATE part.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements


vcom Message # 1497:
The ELSE GENERATE part (if present) of an IF GENERATE statement must be
the last part present; the syntax does not allow additional IF, ELSIF,
or ELSE parts after the ELSE GENERATE part.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements


vcom Message # 1498:
The alternative labels, if any, within an IF GENERATE statement or a
CASE GENERATE statement shall all be distinct.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements


vcom Message # 1499:
Aggregates containing a single element association shall always be
specified using named association in order to distinguish them from
parenthesized expressions.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.1 General aggregates]


vcom Message # 1500:
Internal error.  The data allocation for an architecture body being
configured by a block configuration does not match that of the original
architecture body.  The declaration was present in the original
architecture body but could not be found by the block configuration that
applies to this architecture body.


vcom Message # 1501:
Internal error.  The data allocation for an architecture body being
configured by a block configuration does not match that of the original
architecture body.  The declaration was present in the original
architecture body but could not be found by the block configuration that
applies to this architecture body.


vcom Message # 1502:
Internal error.  The data allocation for an architecture body being
configured by a block configuration does not match that of the original
architecture body.  The problem is with the named object.


vcom Message # 1503:
Internal error.  The data allocation for an architecture body being
configured by a block configuration does not match that of the original
architecture body.  The problem is with the subtype of the named object.


vcom Message # 1504:
The package denoted in the external name package pathname is an
uninstantiated package. An instance of this package must be created
first.  The package instance name can then be used in an external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1505:
Attributes SIMPLE_NAME, INSTANCE_NAME, and PATH_NAME require their
prefix to be a named entity.  This does not include subelements such as
record elements, array slices, or array elements. QuestaSim allows this
non-standard prefix, but the string value of the attribute name will not
include the subelement information.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.5 Predefined attributes of named entities]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 7.2 Attribute specification]


vcom Message # 1506:
No parameter and result type profile of any candidate uninstantiated
subprogram matched the signature specified in the instantiation
declaration.  Check that the signature exactly matches a parameter and
result type profile of a visible uninstantiated subprogram, and that any
interface type names are different from other declared identifiers in
the same scope.


vcom Message # 1507:
The return type of the conversion function, in conjunction with the
array index range(s), if any, defined for the subtype indication of the
formal, must result in every array subelement of the value having an
index range.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1508:
The type mark, in conjunction with the array index range(s), if any,
defined for the subtype indication of the formal, must result in every
array subelement of the value having an index range.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1509:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.6 Package bodies, line 449
  If a given package declaration contains a deferred constant
  declaration (see 4.3.1.1), then a constant declaration with the same
  identifier must appear as a declarative item in the corresponding
  package body.  This object declaration is called the full declaration
  of the deferred constant.


vcom Message # 1510:
An access value belongs to a corresponding subtype of an access type
either if the access value is the NULL value or if the value of the
designated object satisfies the constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.4 Access types]

A composite value that includes array subelements must be such that all
array subelements have index ranges that are identical in bounds and
direction to the index ranges implied by the union of the constraint
(if any) present in an access subtype definition and the constraint (if
any) present in the subtype indication used in the access type
definition.
Example:
  type rec is record
    f1 : bit_vector;
    f2 : bit_vector(1 to 3);
    f3 : string;
  end record;
  type acc is access rec(f3(1 to 4));
  subtype sub is acc(f1(3 to 5));
  -- Objects designated by type "acc" must have the following index
  -- ranges:
  --   f1 -- any index range that satisfies NATURAL, direction irrelevant
  --   f2 -- (1 to 3)
  --   f3 -- (1 to 4)
  -- Objects designated by subtype "sub" must have have the following
  -- index ranges:
  --   f1 -- (3 to 5)
  --   f2 -- (1 to 3)
  --   f3 -- (1 to 4)


vcom Message # 1511:
The native code of the specified VHDL configuration will not be
refreshed.
The native code of a VHDL configuration can be refreshed only after all
the architectures on which it depends have also had their native code
refreshed.  Architectures that reside in the same library as the
configuration are handled automatically by causing them to be refreshed
first (including their native code), but architectures that reside in
different libraries must be refreshed (including their native code) by
the user before the configuration can be refreshed.  The message
contains a list of all the dependent architectures that do not reside in
the same library as the configuration and either
  (1) have no native code, or
  (2) for which the existing native code was created with a different
      major release version of the compiler.


vcom Message # 1512:
The native code of the specified VHDL configuration could not be created
because it contains a block configuration that configures an
architecture for which no native code was found.  This can happen if the
configuration is compiled using -novopt, but an architecture on which it
depends was compiled without -novopt.  If a configuration is to be
compiled with -novopt, then make sure that all the architectures on
which it depends have been compiled or otherwise refreshed with -novopt
as well.  This message might be followed by another message that gives
more information about the problem.


vcom Message # 1513:
The protected type has a CONSTANT data member of an unconstrained or
partially constrained subtype.  The expression in the declaration is
such that the fully constrained subtype cannot be determined by the
compiler.  QuestaSim does not support this yet.
Please contact support@model.com.


vcom Message # 1514:
This is an informational warning.  When an aggregate does not contain a
named element association that has a choice that is a range and that has
an expression that is of the type of the aggregate, when that aggregate
appears at a place where an OTHERS choice in the aggregate would not be
allowed, the direction of the aggregate is obtained from the direction
of the index subtype of the base array type (at the applicable index
position), not from the direction of the range choice(s) of the element
association(s).
The range choice(s) have no effect on the direction of the aggregate.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1515:
The predefined attributes A'LEFT, A'RIGHT, A'HIGH, A'LOW, A'RANGE,
A'REVERSE_RANGE, A'LENGTH, and A'ASCENDING (and A'ELEMENT for VHDL 2008)
each require that "A" be appropriate for an array object or an alias
thereof, or that it denote an array type or subtype.  A function call
does not satisfy this requirement.  Legacy requires that we allow this;
the function will be called, and its return value will be used to
determine the effect of this attribute name.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.3 Predefined attributes of arrays]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1516:
The package STD.ENV does not exist in this version of the language, it
was added in VHDL 2008.  Please use the appropriate language version
(i.e. "-2008") when compiling.  We allow this for ease of use when a
design contains design units compiled with a mix of language versions.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1517:
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 6.3 Subtype declarations:
A subtype indication denoting a subtype of a file type, a protected
type, or a formal generic incomplete type of an uninstantiated package
or subprogram declaration shall not contain a constraint.
QuestaSim extends this restriction to any interface type in the belief
that this is the intent of the LRM.


vcom Message # 1518:
The configuration declaration has the same name as the entity that it is
configuring.  Since libraries cannot have two design units with the same
name, the configuration design unit would overwite the entity design
unit, resulting in a design that cannot be loaded (because the entity
would not exist, having been overwritten by the configuration).


vcom Message # 1519:
Internal error.  The named object appears to be a CONSTANT that has no
expression in its declaration.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com


vcom Message # 1520:
The binding indication that implies a Verilog design unit contains an
architecture name.  Since Verilog design units do not have secondary
design units, this architecture name will ignored.  The entity aspect of
the binding indication of course must contain the reserved word ENTITY
(not CONFIGURATION) when it implies a Verilog Module.


vcom Message # 1521:
A component configuration including a binding indication that implies a
Verilog design unit cannot have an inner block configuration because
configuring across the language boundary is not supported.
The exception that is allowed occurs when there are no configuration
items in the block configuration.  This requires that the relevant
binding indication contain an architecture name (which is generally
ignored, see message #1520) and that the inner block configuration block
specification denote the same architecture name.


vcom Message # 1522:
The design pathname contains the name of a label of a GENERATE statement
whose active branch (if any) cannot be determined until the design is
loaded, and the name of this GENERATE statement label is followed by a
design pathname element that presumably would be found in this active
branch (as either an object or a scope).  Each possible generate branch
will be searched for an object or scope with this design pathname
element name.


vcom Message # 1523:
A design pathname contains the name of a label of a GENERATE statement
whose active branch (if any) cannot be determined until the design is
loaded, and the name of this GENERATE statement label is followed by a
name that presumably would be found in this active branch (as either an
object or a scope).  This name does not exist in any of the possible
branches of the GENERATE statement and thus the design pathname cannot
represent anything in the design.  Objects declared immediately in each
of the possible generate branches will be made visible to ensure that
the actual active branch (if there is one) has its objects visible.


vcom Message # 1524:
A design pathname contains the name of a label of a GENERATE statement
whose active branch (if any) cannot be determined until the design is
loaded, and the name of this GENERATE statement label is followed by a
name that presumably would be found in this active branch (as either an
object or a scope).  Although the name immediately following the
generate statement label name has been found as a scope in at least one
of the possible generate branches, the name(s) following the presumed
scope name is/are being ignored because there is no feasible way to
track all possible objects and/or scopes that they might represent.
Therefore, each possible generate branch that has a scope with the
presumed scope name will have objects in that scope and lower made
visible.


vcom Message # 1525:
The predefined attribute O'SUBTYPE requires a prefix that is appropriate
for an object, or an alias thereof.  Because A'ELEMENT allows A to be a
function call, QuestaSim will allow a function call prefix O here, in a
manner similar to A'ELEMENT.  The function will be called, and its
return value will be used to determine the effect of this attribute
name.  Note that the function will be called even if it is not necessary
to determine the resulting subtype.
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL compliance to make this
an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.2 Predefined attributes of types and objects]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1526:
A range is not value; its use is limited to a fairly small set of
places in the language.  There are 2 forms of ranges, attribute names
A'RANGE and A'REVERSE_RANGE, and '<expression> <direction> <expression>'.
Neither one of these can be used in a place where a value is expected.
The predefined attribute A'LENGTH can be used to produce a value that is
the number of elements in the array A.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.1 Scalar types]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vcom Message # 1527:
The predefined attribute names O'SUBTYPE and A'ELEMENT can be used in
places only where a type or subtype name is legal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.2 Predefined attributes of types and objects]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.2.3 Predefined attributes of arrays]


vcom Message # 1528:
The indicated protect directive can have the keyword specified only
once.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.4 Encryption envelopes]


vcom Message # 1529:
The array length and/or the value of the choice could not be computed.
It it not possible for the compiler to make sure that the set of choices
contains no duplicate representations and/or that all the choices are of
the same length.  This check will be performed by the simulator when the
design is elaborated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1530:
The syntax for a CASE GENERATE statement does not allow the delimiter
'?' (question mark) to appear before the case expression.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1531:
The condition in an IF GENERATE statement or any of its ELSIF parts
must be a (globally) static expression.  It cannot depend on a signal
value or other non-static value.  This is an Error if the statement
contains any ELSIF or ELSE parts.


vcom Message # 1532:
The expression in a FOR GENERATE statement must be globally static.
It cannot depend on a signal value or other non-static value.


vcom Message # 1533:
The expression did not satisfy the requirements for a CASE GENERATE
expression:
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 11.8 Generate statements:
  For a CASE GENERATE statement, the expression shall be globally
  static, and shall be of a discrete type, or of a one-dimensional array
  type whose element base type is a character type.  This type shall be
  determined by applying the rules of 12.5 to the expression considered
  as a complete context, using the fact that the expression shall be of
  a discrete type or a one-dimensional character array type.


vcom Message # 1534:
A choice, whether it is a simple expression or a discrete range, that
appears in a CASE GENERATE statement, must be globally static.
It cannot depend on a signal value or other non-static value.


vcom Message # 1535:
A CASE GENERATE statement that has a case generate alternative in which
there appears a choice that is an array aggregate that has an OTHERS
choice is legal only when the CASE GENERATE expression is one of the
following [this is by inference from item (j) in the LRM reference cited
below]:
  -- The name of an object whose subtype is globally static, in which
     case the index range of the aggregate is the index range of the
     subtype of the object
  -- An indexed name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
     whose indexing expressions are globally static expressions, in
     which case the index range of the aggregate is the index range of
     the element subtype of the prefix
  -- A slice name whose prefix is one of the members of this list and
     whose discrete range is a globally static discrete range, in which
     case the index range of the aggregate is the discrete range
  -- A function call whose return type mark denotes a globally static
     subtype, in which case the index range of the aggregate is the
     index range of the subtype denoted by the return type mark
  -- A qualified expression or type conversion whose type mark denotes a
     globally static subtype, in which case the index range of the
     aggregate is the index range of the subtype denoted by the type
     mark
  -- An expression described in this list and enclosed in parentheses,
     in which case the index range of the aggregate is the index range
     of the subtype defined for the enclosed expression
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vcom Message # 1536:
The syntax of a CASE GENERATE statement requires that the reserved word
GENERATE be followed immediately by the reserved word WHEN, which
denotes the start of the first case generate alternative.  There must be
at least one case generate alternative.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1537:
If a block configuration appears immediately within a configuration
declaration, then the block specification of that block configuration
shall be an architecture name, and that architecture name shall denote a
design entity body whose interface is defined by the entity declaration
denoted by the entity name of the enclosing configuration declaration.
The nature of the visibility rules for an architecture body at the place
of the block specification in a block configuration for an external block
whose interface is defined by a given entity precludes anything except a
simple name being used to denote the architecture.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 3.4.2 Block configuration]
                                     12.3 Visibility]


vcom Message # 1538:
It is an error if, in a given block configuration, more than one
configuration item is defined for the same block or component instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.3.1 Block configuration]


vcom Message # 1539:
A non-compliant attempt to merge block configurations (because there
duplicates, see message #1286) has resulted in a block configuration
that has duplicate component configurations in it.


vcom Message # 1540:
If a block configuration appears immediately within another block
configuration, then the block specification of the contained block
configuration must be a block statement or generate statement label, and
the label must denote a block statement or generate statement that is
contained immediately within the block denoted by the block
specification of the containing block configuration.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.3.1 Block configuration]


vcom Message # 1541:
If the block specification of a block configuration contains a generate
statement label that denotes an IF GENERATE statement, and if the first
condition after the IF has an alternative label, then it is an error if
the block specification does not contain a generate specification that
is an alternative label.  Similarly, if the block specification of a
block configuration contains a generate statement label that denotes a
CASE GENERATE statement, then it is an error if the block specification
does not contain a generate specification that is an alternative label.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 3.4.2 Block configuration]


vcom Message # 1542:
For VHDL 2002 and earlier, if the block specification of a block
configuration contains a label that denotes a FOR GENERATE statement,
the index specification, if present, must be either a (static) discrete
range or a static expression.
For VHDL 2008, if the block specification of a block configuration
contains a label that denotes a generate statement, the generate
specification, if present, must be one of the following:
  [FOR GENERATE]  -- a static discrete range or a static expression
  [IF GENERATE]   -- an alternative label
  [CASE GENERATE] -- an alternative label
There are no other possibilities.


vcom Message # 1543:
The alternative label specified in the generate specification of a block
specification (in a block configuration) that denotes the label of a
generate statement could not be found in that generate statement.


vcom Message # 1544:
For VHDL 2002 and earlier, an index specification in a block
specification is allowed only if the block specification contains a
label that denotes a FOR GENERATE statement.
For VHDL 2008, a generate specification in a block specification is
allowed only if the block specification contains a label that denotes a
FOR GENERATE, an IF/ELSIF/ELSE GENERATE, or a CASE GENERATE statement.
In particular a BLOCK statement label cannot appear in a block
specification that contains an index or generate specification.


vcom Message # 1545:
For VHDL 2002 and earlier, an index specification in a block
specification is allowed only if the block specification contains a
label that denotes a FOR GENERATE statement.
For VHDL 2008, a generate specification in a block specification is
allowed only if the block specification contains a label that denotes a
FOR GENERATE, an IF/ELSIF/ELSE GENERATE, or a CASE GENERATE statement.


vcom Message # 1546:
If the block specification of a block configuration contains a generate
statement label that denotes a FOR GENERATE statement, and if the block
specification contains a generate specification, then the generate
specification must be either a globally static expression or a globally
static range.


vcom Message # 1547:
All possible CASE GENERATE expression values are represented in the set
of choices present in all of the case generate alternatives.  The case
generate alternative that has the OTHERS choice can never be the chosen
alternative.
This is for information only as it it not illegal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.5.3 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1548:
CASE GENERATE statement semantics require that all possible values of
statement expression be represented once (and only once) in the set of
choices.  The number of choices present would make this prohibitively
expensive in terms of simulator time and memory usage, so these checks
are not being done.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vcom Message # 1549:
An actual associated with an array or record port must satisfy the
matching element test.


vcom Message # 1550:
An actual associated with an array or record port must satisfy the
matching element test.


vcom Message # 1560:
An local expressions are the expression supplied in a port map of either
a configuration specficiation in this design unit or a component configuration
located in a configuration design unit. Usually this caused the component
declaration being different from the entity it is bound to.


vcom Message # 1561:
The generic interface list contains an overloaded interface subprogram
declaration.  In a generic map aspect corresponding to this generic
list, the language (IEEE Std 1076-2008) does not provide a way to
disambiguate the meaning of a named association element whose formal
part is the name of one of these overloaded interface subprograms.
When the generic map does not include an association element for the
interface subprogram, or when it is associated with OPEN, a named
association element would normally be created internally by the compiler
to facilitate obtaining the interface subprogram default of it; such a
named association element would be ambiguous for the same reason.


vcom Message # 1562:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1563:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1564:
Upscope pathnames cannot go higher than the design root. Too many
^. were present in the pathname.


vcom Message # 1565:
The object referred to by the specified hierarchical path could not
be found. Check that the pathname is valid.  Incorrect syntax such as
invalid use of parentheses may also cause this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1566:
No top level design unit with the specified name was found.
You may need to specificy additional design units on the vsim command line.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1567:
Since external names denote declared objects, and since subelements of a
declared object are not themselves declared objects, it is not legal to
denote an element of a record object using an external name.
Rather, an external name denoting the declared object (of a record type)
can be used as the prefix of a selected name; the suffix of the selected
name shall denote the element of the record.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1568:
Since external names denote declared objects, and since subelements of a
declared object are not themselves declared objects, it is not legal to
denote an element of a record object using an external name.
Rather, an external name denoting the declared object (of a record type)
can be used as the prefix of a selected name; the suffix of the selected
name shall denote the element of the record.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1569:
Since external names denote declared objects, and since subelements of a
declared object are not themselves declared objects, it is not legal to
denote an element of a record object using an external name.
Rather, an external name denoting the declared object (of a record type)
can be used as the prefix of a selected name; the suffix of the selected
name shall denote the element of the record.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1570:
An indexing expression was present in an external name for a path element
that is not a FOR generate label.


vcom Message # 1571:
An element of an external name refers to a FOR GENERATE label.
but no index expression is provided.


vcom Message # 1572:
Value specified is not a valid index.


vcom Message # 1573:
Value specified is not a valid index.


vcom Message # 1574:
Unbound instance have nothing in them so they can't have an refernce into them.


vcom Message # 1575:
A VHDL external name can denote only an object declared in the
declarative region of an Entity, an Architecture, a Block statement, a
Generate statement, or a Package declaration.  A generic or port of an
Entity can also be denoted.
However, in particular, an external name cannot denote an object
declared in a PROCESS statement or a Subprogram.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vcom Message # 1576:
VHDL Syntax Error.
The compiler has a unified parser that supports all
revisions of the VHDL and VHDL-AMS languages.
Syntax errors are reported with the next possible token(s) that were
expected and would have been legal syntax in one of those revisions.
Those tokens can therefore include some that are not legal
in the revision the user intended to write.


vcom Message # 1577:
Parser Error - Memory Exhuasted.


vcom Message # 1578:
Parser Error - cannot back up.


vcom Message # 1579:
The name refers to a label of generate statement that does not exist when elaborated.
This can be a zero width FOR generate, an IF generate where no branch is TRUE and
no else is present, or a CASE generate that doesn't have a default and no choices match.


vcom Message # 1580:
The name of a parameter in a named parameter list does not match any generics in the VHDL entity
being instantiated.


vcom Message # 1581:
The operand types of an operator are check against visible operators
in the scope, and no feasible operator was found.


vcom Message # 1582:
The evaluation of a qualified expression evaluates the operand and
checks that its value belongs to the subtype denoted by the type mark.
For array subtypes this means that at each position in the index
constraint, the index ranges must match.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.4 Qualified expressions]


vcom Message # 1583:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1584:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1585:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1586:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1587:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1588:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1589:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1590:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1591:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1592:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom Message # 1593:
For VHDL to use a System Verilog package, the package must be compiled with -mixedsvvh.
The VHDL may directly reference the System Verilog package in the VHDL source through a
use clause or selected name. The VHDL source may indirectly reference a System Verliog
package if a System Verilog module is instantiated in VHDL and that module has ports or
parameter of types declared in a System Verilog package.


vcom Message # 1594:
It is illegal to call a subprogram before its corresponding body is elaborated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3.1 Elaboration of a declaration]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.4.2.1 General]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom Message # 1595:
It is illegal to call a subprogram before its corresponding body is elaborated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3.1 Elaboration of a declaration]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.4.2.1 General]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1596:
An initialization expression for a constant can only refer to
other objects that have already been elaborated. Furthermore,
if a constant's initialization depends on the value returned
from a function call, all objects referenced in the function
(or subprograms referenced by the function)
must have been elaborated before evaluation of the initialization.
To prevent this error and for elaboration to proceed, use the -reorderDeclElab
option of vcom. Note that the behaviour with -reorderDeclElab is not LRM compliant
and may produce incorrect results in the presence of subprograms with side effects.


vcom Message # 1597:
A physical path to the library was given but we can't convert it to
to a valid VHDL logical library name.


vcom Message # 1598:
A logical library name could not be mapped to a physical location.
A logical to physical library mapping could not be found in the current
.ini file nor does a directory with the same name as the logical library
exist in the current working directory.


vcom Message # 1599:
It is illegal to call a subprogram before its corresponding body is elaborated.
The original error generated(1594) was suppressed to allow for elaboration if possible.
A circular dependency was discovered due to which elaboration is not possible
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.3.1 Elaboration of a declaration]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.4.2.1 General]


vcom Message # 1600:
The number of arguments to a subprogram call, or the argument types
do not match any of the subprograms that are defined. All subprograms with
the matching simple name that are visible at this point are listed along
with their signatures. Note that the signature of a subprogram does not indicate
which arguments have default values.


vcom Message # 1601:
The operator specified is overloaded and a unique version of the
operator cannot be determined. In many cases the issue is that the
type of an argument cannot be unique determined by context and a
qualified expression is needed of the form <type_name>'(<argument>).


vcom Message # 1602:
The subprogram specified is overloaded and a unique version of the
subprogram cannot be determined. In many cases the issue is that the
type of an argument cannot be unique determined by context and a
qualified expression is needed of the form <type_name>'(<argument>).


vcom Message # 1603:
The UNIX shell limit, unlimit, or ulimit commands can be used to adjust the current
stacksize limit within bounds set by your system administrator.


vcom Message # 1604:
The number of arguments to a subprogram call, expected return type, or the argument types
do not match any of the subprograms that are defined. All subprograms with
the matching simple name that are visible at this point are listed along
with their signatures. Note that the signature of a subprogram does not indicate
which arguments have default values.


vcom Message # 1605:
There are more parameters in the user instance's inherit parameter list than there are on the
VHDL entity that is being instantiated. The extra parameters will be ignored.


vcom Message # 1606:
The array aggregate has an element that has an index range that is not
identical to the index range of the target array subtype.  This is a pedantic
error because the rules for array aggregates describe this requirement where
a simple matching element test should suffice.


vcom Message # 1607:
The array aggregate has an element that has an index range that is not
identical to the index range of the target array subtype.  This is a pedantic
error because the rules for array aggregates describe this requirement where
a simple matching element test should suffice.


vcom Message # 1608:
Design unit dependencies have changed since the last time this design
unit was compiled. The compiled code for the secondary design unit has been
removed from the target library. Compilation order of source files needs
to be reordered so that the primary design unit is compiled before all of
its secondaries.


vcom Message # 1609:
The type used is not fully supported with the option -mixedsvvh.
If you have used the -2008 option, it is possible that a VHDL 2008 type
used is not supported with the option -mixedsvvh.


vcom Message # 1610:
During compilation with -autoorder, the compiler has detected that multiple
occurrences of a design unit with the same name and type are being compiled
into the same library. Sometimes this will not cause a problem, because the same
source code is just being recompiled. However, there is the possibility that
different functionality will be compiled. The compiler cannot possibly determine
which version of the source code should be retained within the library. By
default, the last to be compiled will be retained.


vcom Message # 1611:
Design unit can be configured from either VHDL configuration or from Verilog configuration.
VHDL configuration will be used instead of Verilog configuration.


vcom Message # 1612:
The named data member of the named protected type is being used in an
expression involved in defining the subtype of another data member.
QuestaSim does not support this yet.
Please contact support@model.com.


vcom Message # 1613:
The reserved word OPEN is legal only in an array constraint in a subtype
indication, as an actual designator in an association list, and as the
entity aspect in a binding indication.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 5.3.2.1 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.7.2 General]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.2 Entity aspect]


vcom Message # 1614:
QuestaSim does not support a VHDL design unit with source text that crosses
file boundaries.


vcom Message # 1615:
This warning indicates that an entity, configuration, or other design unit has
already been compiled and that another design unit with the same name is
being compiled now.  Only the last so-named design unit will be placed
into the library.


vcom Message # 1616:
You may be compiling with the wrong version of VHDL-1076 standard. Versions of VHDL-1076
prior to 2008 standard do not define this type in the STD.STANDARD package. Additionally,
the -amsstd switch will allow any langauge version of VHDL-1076 to access compatible
digital objects defined in the STD.STANDARD package for the AMS version of VHDL.
You could also just be missing a USE clause.


vcom Message # 1617:
Ragged arrays are not allowed in VHDL.


vcom Message # 1618:
Ragged arrays are not allowed in VHDL.


vcom Message # 1620:
When the rules of [11.3 Process statement] were applied, the sensitivity
list was empty.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 11.3 Process statement


vcom Message # 1621:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.2.2 Association lists, line 516:
  It is an error if an actual of OPEN is associated with a formal that
  is associated individually. An actual of OPEN counts as the single
  association allowed for the corresponding formal but does not supply
  a constant, signal, or variable (as is appropriate to the object
  class of the formal) to the formal.
As a result of this unconstrained ports of mode other than IN cannot be
associated with OPEN because there is no actual to constrain the formal port.
EXAMPLE:
  Using the following association list as an example:
    ( OPEN, p1 => OPEN, p2(7 downto 0) => OPEN )
  For the associations "OPEN" and "p1 => OPEN", the formals are
  associated in whole; therefore the first two OPEN association are
  legal whether the first formal and p1 are scalars or composites.
  For the association "p2(7 downto 0) => OPEN", the subelements of
  the formal are associated individually because of the slice
  specification; therefore the OPEN association is not legal even
  if the slice encompasses the entire range of p2.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom Message # 1622:
Ragged arrays are not allowed in VHDL.


vcom Message # 1623:
Ragged arrays are not allowed in VHDL.


vcom Message # 1624:
If the component has not generic declared on it, a component instance of this component with generic
map is illegal, but is treated as a warning by default for backwards compatiblity. The generic map
is ignored complete if message is has a severity of warning or less.


vcom Message # 1625:
The value either does not belong to the range defined by the range
constraint of a scalar subtype or is not a legal position number in an
enumeration type.


vcom-vlog Message # 1900:
Neither the -refresh nor the -force_refresh option can be used with
either the -qhpro_syminfo or -qspro_syminfo option because the
-qhpro_syminfo/-qspro_syminfo options require the original source
code to be available whereas the -refresh/-force_refresh options do
not. The -qhpro_syminfo/-qspro_syminfo options are ignored when
either -refresh or -force_refresh is specified.


vcom-vlog Message # 1901:
The file specified for the OptionFile variable in the modelsim.ini file
could not be found. This is a note that can be ignored if you do not
care about the option file. If you do care about the option file, then
verify that the filename is specified correctly, that the file exists,
and that you have permission to read the file.


vcom-vlog Message # 1902:
The specified compiler option is either invalid, requires an argument,
or had an unusable argument.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom/vlog commands]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 1903:
While looking for the end of a comment in the specified file, an end
of file condition was encountered. Verify that the correct file was
specified with the -f option and that the file is in a valid format.


vcom-vlog Message # 1904:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 1905:
The logical name "work" could not be mapped to a physical path name.
The physical path to the work library can be specified with the compiler
option -work. The default is ./work.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom command, vlog command]


vcom-vlog Message # 1906:
The specified library could not be opened. Verify that the path
exists and that the directory is a valid QuestaSim library.


vcom-vlog Message # 1907:
Following -nowarn, an additional argument, representing which category
of warning message to suppress, must be specified.
  1 = Unbound component (VHDL)
  2 = Process without a WAIT statement (VHDL)
  3 = Null range (VHDL)
  4 = No space in physical (e.g. TIME) literal (VHDL)
  5 = Multiple drivers on unresolved signal (VHDL)
  6 = VITAL compliance checks ("-nowarn VitalChecks" also accepted) (VHDL)
  7 = VITAL optimization messages (VHDL)
  8 = Lint warnings (VHDL and Verilog)
  9 = Signal value dependency at elaboration (VHDL)
 10 = VHDL-1993 constructs in VHDL-1987 code (VHDL)
 11 = PSL warnings (VHDL and Verilog)
 12 = Non-LRM compliance to match Cadence behavior (Verilog)
 13 = Constructs that coverage can't handle (VHDL and Verilog)
 14 = Locally static error deferred until run time (VHDL)
 15 = SystemVerilog assertions using local variable (Verilog)
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom command]
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vopt command]


vcom-vlog Message # 1908:
For the -nowarn option, the following string can be specified instead
of a number: VitalChecks. This is the same as warning category 6
as in "-nowarn 6".
Use "verror 1907" to see a list of all the -nowarn categories and the
numbers associated with them.


vcom-vlog Message # 1909:
The -gen_xml option cannot determine the proper array bounds when
concatenating arrays that have parameterized bounds.


vcom-vlog Message # 1910:
The syntax for the -gen_xml option is:
    -gen_xml <entity> <output>

where:
    <entity> is the name of the interface to be generated
    <output> is the name of the file where the results are stored.

NOTE:  Use a single dash to have the results sent to standard out.


vcom-vlog Message # 1911:
The "NODEBUG_PORTS" option was used to compile the element. Therefore,
no interface information is available to generate the XML output.


vcom-vlog Message # 1912:
An invalid option was specified.  This message is controlled by the
setting of [vlog] Show_BadOptionWarning in the modelsim.ini file.


vcom-vlog Message # 1913:
Only one of toggle or extended toggle may be used.


vcom-vlog Message # 1914:
For the -nodebug option to vcom, the word ports can be specified after an
equal sign.
For example: -nodebug=ports

For the -nodebug option to vlog, one or more of the following strings can
be specified after an equal sign and separated by a plus sign:
  ports
  pli
For example: -nodebug=ports+pli

[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom command]
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vcom-vlog Message # 1915:
A problem was encountered while trying to load the specified design unit.
Verify that the specified design unit exists in the specified library and
that file permissions allow access to it. The vdir command can be used to
determine which design units exist in a library.


vcom-vlog Message # 1916:
The number of parameters provided within a Verilog instantiation of a
VHDL	design unit exceeds the number of generics specified in its entity
declaration.


vcom-vlog Message # 1917:
The syntax for the Verilog `pragma directive requires that multiple
pragma expressions be separated by the comma character.
The syntax for the VHDL protect directive requires that multiple
keyword expressions be separated by the comma character.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1918:
The specified optimized design unit cannot be used in this context.


vcom-vlog Message # 1919:
The name of the design-unit specified with the -o option to vopt began
with a string that is reserved for internal use.


vcom-vlog Message # 1921:
The +opt switch has been supplanted by the vopt tool.  Please compile your
files (both VHDL and Verilog) and run "vopt" on the design roots to make
an optimized design to simulate.  If you still require using +opt, be sure
to use the -novopt switch when you invoke vsim, or set the "VoptFlow"
variable in your modelsim.ini file to a non-zero value.


vcom-vlog Message # 1922:
If this error is encountered please contact QuestaSim support.


vcom-vlog Message # 1923:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1924:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1925:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1926:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1927:
Optimized design names exist in the same namespace as design units and so
cannot be the same as an existing design unit. Choose a name for the
optimized design that is not already being used in the library into which
the design is being compiled. The vdir command can be used to find out
which names are being used in the library.


vcom-vlog Message # 1928:
A design name must be specified to vopt with the -o switch.


vcom-vlog Message # 1929:
PSL 'inherit' is supported only with vopt.


vcom-vlog Message # 1930:
Optimized design names may not include mixed case, non-alphanumeric characters
and in certain cases cannot exceed certain name lengths.  The optimized design
name supplied violated one of these restrictions.


vcom-vlog Message # 1931:
A design-unit referenced by the design being optimized was not found.  Either
the library does not exist, or the given entry was not found in the library.
Use the "vdir" command to verify the library and its contents.


vcom-vlog Message # 1932:
The "Depends On:" property for a design-unit has been corrupted somehow.
Rebuilding the QuestaSim libraries should fix the problem.


vcom-vlog Message # 1933:
The various tools need to use temporary files when performing their function.
These files are created in the current "work" library underneath a directory
named "_temp".  This directory was unable to be created for some reason.


vcom-vlog Message # 1934:
The various tools need to use temporary files when performing their function.
These files are created in the current "work" library underneath a directory
named "_temp".  An attempt was made with the "mkstemp" system call to make
such a file, however the call failed for some reason.


vcom-vlog Message # 1935:
An error occurred when a compiler temporary file was attempted to be moved to
another location.


vcom-vlog Message # 1936:
An error occurred when a compiler temporary file was attempted to be removed.
(Normally this file may be safely removed by hand if this error occurs.)


vcom-vlog Message # 1937:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1938:
The SDF compiler "sdfcom" could not be found in the installation directory.
Please verify the software has been installed properly.


vcom-vlog Message # 1939:
The SDF compiler "sdfcom" was invoked to compile an SDF file referenced
in the design hierarchy and failed for some reason.  The transcript of
the compiler should contain the errors indicating what the problem was.


vcom-vlog Message # 1940:
When parsing an index value in parentheses or square brackets, a bad
value was seen.


vcom-vlog Message # 1941:
When parsing an index in parentheses or square brackets, extra values
were found after the index value was parsed.


vcom-vlog Message # 1942:
Extra characters were found after parsing an extended identifier, or an
index or range in parentheses or square brackets.


vcom-vlog Message # 1943:
This message is issued when the pathname given to the -sdf{min|typ|max}
switch, indicating the SDF annotation point in the design hierarchy,
either could not be found or is at or inside a PDU region boundary.
In the case of a PDU region, since vopt doesn't load the region under a PDU,
SDF cannot be processed. By design PDUs are expected to have been created
with an SDF file specified to vopt or be annotated in vsim.


vcom-vlog Message # 1944:
The pathname given to the -sdf{min|typ|max} switch, indicating where
to apply the SDF to in the design hierarchy, resolved to some other
type of object instead of an instance.


vcom-vlog Message # 1945:
The specified compiler option is either invalid or requires an
argument to be specified with it.
If the option is an intended runtime option for vsim specify the option with -R.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - qverilog command]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 1946:
A pathname specified in the SDF file could not be found at the level
of the design hierarchy at which the SDF annotation is being applied.
Verify that the SDF file is being applied at the correct level of the
design.


vcom-vlog Message # 1947:
Prints information about recognized FSM's during compile time.


vcom-vlog Message # 1948:
The SDF file specified is attempting to annotate to VHDL instances.
Using compiled SDF in this manner is unsupported in the current version
of the simulator.  To apply SDF to VHDL you should use the normal
options on vsim (e.g. -sdftyp) to apply the SDF, and remove the usage
of those switches in vopt


vcom-vlog Message # 1949:
SystemVerilog compilation must be one of multi-file compilation unit
semantics or single file per compilation unit semantics.


vcom-vlog Message # 1950:
The -pdu/-bbox option allows you to specify an optimized design to replace
the instantiation of an individual design-unit in the simulation design
hierarchy.  Specifying multiple roots for this type of replacement does
not make sense.


vcom-vlog Message # 1951:
The property indicating that the given design-unit should be made a
Preoptimized Design Unit was unable to be added for some unknown reason.


vcom-vlog Message # 1952:
The acc option syntax is common for all HDL compilers. It is:
   +acc[=<spec>][{+<entity>[(<architecture>)][.]}]
   +acc[=<spec>][{+<selection>[.]}]
The noacc option syntax is similar to acc option syntax. It is:
   +noacc[=<spec>][{+<entity>[(<architecture>)][.]}]
   +noacc[=<spec>][{+<selection>[.]}]
This syntax is shared with other options such as +floatparameters.
See documentation for further details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 1953:
An invalid spec character was specified with the +acc/+noacc option.
The valid spec characters are:
  a  Enable access to SVA and PSL assertion and cover objects
  b  Enable access to bits of vector nets
  c  Enable access to library cells
  f  Enable fsm recognition and debugging
  l  Enable access to line debugging
  m  Enable access to primitives from driving nets
  n  Enable access to nets
  p  Enable access to ports
  r  Enable access to registers, memories, parameters, and variables
  s  Enable access to system tasks (and overriding of built-ins)
  t  Enable access to tasks and functions
  u  Enable access to primitive instances
  v  Enable access to variables, constants, and aliases in VHDL processes

When no valid <spec> characters are specified, the entire set of access
specifiers is enabled.

Usage of +acc/+noacc option is as follows.
+[no]acc[=<spec>][+<selection>[+<recurse_level>|.]]

[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom,vlog,and/or vopt commands]


vcom-vlog Message # 1954:
A design pathname in a Signal Spy call could not be resolved during the
optimization phase (vopt).
There are 3 possible scenarios:
  1) The pathname itself could not be evaluated by vopt.
     The pathname may be an expression of such a complex nature that
     vopt could not evaluate it.  This warning message will show the
     value "<unknown>" in this case.  Passing the "-complexgeneric"
     switch to vopt may help to overcome this.
  2) The pathname does not in fact designate an object in the design.
     This will always cause vsim to issue the error message #3569.
     Check that the designated object does in fact exist.
  3) The pathname does in fact designate some object in the design, but
     vopt for some reason could not find it.

In cases 1 and 3, the object remains subject to being removed from the
design by certain optimizations that vopt applies.
During simulation, if the name does not denote an object in the design
(as in case 2), or if the name denotes an object that has in fact been
removed from the design by vopt (as could happen in cases 1 and 3), then
the Signal Spy call will produce an error message stating that the
object could not be found.  If vopt had been able to resolve and find
the object, it would have been preserved during optimization and thus
would have been available to Signal Spy during simulation.  Case 2 is an
error no matter what, but cases 1 and 3 may be solved by setting the
"+acc" option on the object to prevent it from being optimized away.


vcom-vlog Message # 1955:
The -pdusavehierrefs/-save_bbox_hier_refs/-pduspec/-reporthrefs switch
was specified to 'vopt', but the data file could not be saved.
(The temporary file specified in the error message may still contain the
output information.)


vcom-vlog Message # 1956:
An invalid value was specified. Value cannot be less than 32 or more than 1023.


vcom-vlog Message # 1957:
Unclocked assertions cannot be simulated.  The error cannot be suppressed.
Fix the assertion or comment it out if you are sure you don't need to simulate it.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 1958:
The +initmem/+initreg option is:
+initreg[=<spec>][+0|1|X|Z][{+<selection>[.]}]
+initmem[=<spec>][+0|1|X|Z][{+<selection>[.]}]
The +noinitmem/+noinitreg option is:
+noinitreg[{+<selection>[.]}]
+noinitmem[{+<selection>[.]}]
See documentation for further details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 1959:
An invalid spec character was specified with the +initreg/+initmem option.
The valid spec characters are:
  b  Enable initialization of bits and 2-state types
  r  Enable initialization of reg/logic and 4-state types
  e  Enable initialization of enumerated types (base type needs to be enabled)
  u  Enable initialization of sequential udp (valid only for +initreg)
When specified to +initmem, initialization of arrays of these types is enabled.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog and/or vopt commands]


vcom-vlog Message # 1960:
Check +initreg/+initmem options.


vcom-vlog Message # 1961:
An implicit optimized design was unable to be created in the current
work library.  Normally several errors indicating the problem will
precede this one in the transcript.


vcom-vlog Message # 1962:
An implicit optimized design cannot be created in the specified library
due to the fact the directory does not have write permissions.  To use
a library without write access, you must simulate a design that has
already been created with vopt, or you must use the -novopt switch when
the design is compiled and simulated.


vcom-vlog Message # 1963:
An implicitly named optimized design has been *explicitly* invoked upon
in vsim (e.g. "vsim _opt").  This is allowed, but not recommended due
to the fact that the optimized design will not be locked, and another user
of the current work library might overwrite it if they invoke vsim, and it
implicitly runs vopt.  If an optimized design is going to be explicitly
invoked upon, it is much better to run vopt, and use the "-o" option to
give it a more permanent name.


vcom-vlog Message # 1964:
In certain cases vsim creates a lock file before vopt is run, or vopt will
create a lock file after vsim invokes it.  This lock file is associated
with the implicitly created optimized design, and will typically have a
name like "_opt__lock".  However, due to some problem in the system, the
lock file was not created appropriately.


vcom-vlog Message # 1965:
The number of partitions requested should be at least 2 and should not exceed 255.


vcom-vlog Message # 1966:
The number of CPU's should be one or more.


vcom-vlog Message # 1967:
The number of cores per CPU should be one or more.


vcom-vlog Message # 1968:
All partitions should have different names.


vcom-vlog Message # 1969:
Partition top should be used in only one partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 1970:
Synchronization event should exist in the design.


vcom-vlog Message # 1971:
Each partition top specified for each partition needs to represent a valid part of the design.
Either partition top is not found in the design or partition top is not a user instance scope.
Partitions cannot be cut at other scopes like block, generate, udp, SystemC instance etc.
Nested SystemC-HDL scope cannot be used. Partitions cannot be empty


vcom-vlog Message # 1972:
Partition file should be a readable file.


vcom-vlog Message # 1973:
Partition file should conform to proper syntax.


vcom-vlog Message # 1974:
Failed to invoke vopt. This message might be followed
by another message that gives more information about the problem.


vcom-vlog Message # 1975:
vopt did not finish successfully. This message might be followed
by another message that gives more information about the problem.


vcom-vlog Message # 1976:
The -pdu/-bbx option allows you to specify an optimized design to replace
the instantiation of an individual design-unit in the simulation design
hierarchy.  However if you do this, the preoptimized design unit
must be written to the same library as the root design unit that is being
replaced.


vcom-vlog Message # 1977:
The number of overpartitions requested should be one or more.


vcom-vlog Message # 1978:
When refreshing using "vopt" an optimized design-unit name must be
explicitly specified with the -o option.  Refreshing all of the optimized
designs-units in a library is not currently supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 1979:
When refreshing using the "vopt" tool, command-line options are obtained
from the original creation of the optimized design.  Any changed, or additional
options specified on the command-line along with -refresh are ignored.


vcom-vlog Message # 1980:
The optimized design that is being refreshed contains insufficient
information to perform the refresh.  Normally this is due to attempting
to refresh an older version that did not support it.


vcom-vlog Message # 1981:
You cannot refresh separate design-units in an optimized design unless
all the individual pieces are compiled with the same versions of vopt.


vcom-vlog Message # 1982:
The design-unit supplied to "vopt" with the -refresh option does not
exist, or is not an optimized design.


vcom-vlog Message # 1983:
The optimized design being refreshed has non-Verilog elements in it (e.g. VHDL)
Currently refreshing these designs is not supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 1984:
The optimized design being refreshed has elements in it that were compiled with
the "-pslfile_vl" switch. Currently refreshing these designs is not supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 1985:
Procedural assign statements with left-hand-side targets across
partition boundary are currently not supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 1986:
Nets which cross partition boundaries must have compatible net types
throughout the design hierarchy.  Module port connections which join
incompatible nets may result in an error or unexpected results.


vcom-vlog Message # 1987:
The vopt "-ka" option was specified, but vopt detected there was some problem,
typically with the compatibility of the previously compiled alternate version
of the optimized design.  The error message should contain more information about
what the actual issue is.


vcom-vlog Message # 1988:
Each partition name can be used only once in each partition file.


vcom-vlog Message # 1989:
Each partition file should have a master partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 1990:
Partition name must not contain uppercase characters.


vcom-vlog Message # 1991:
Compilation cannot proceed because the target library has been locked.
Use the vlib command to remove the lock.


vcom-vlog Message # 1992:
Compilation cannot proceed because the design unit has been locked.
Use the vlib command to remove the lock.


vcom-vlog Message # 1993:
Each top-level design unit must be a top of any partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 1994:
Option "-equivpack" has not been used correctly. Correct usage is
  -equivpack filename
The equivalent package is placed in the named file.


vcom-vlog Message # 1995:
The specified package is not usable. This usually happens
due to the usage of unsupported types at mixed language boundary.


vcom-vlog Message # 1996:
The specified type is not supported at the SV-VHDL mixed language boundary.
Please refer to Reference Manual for the list of supported types.


vcom-vlog Message # 1997:
The expectation of this error is that a VHDL Configuration being compiled
by vcom has encountered a VHDL-AMS design unit.  If this is the case then
the user needs to compile the Configuration with the VHDL-AMS compiler.


vcom-vlog Message # 1998:
Parallel simulator compiler was unable to determine the absolute pathname for
the partition file.  This may cause errors if the simulation is run from a different
directory than where parallel simulation compilation was done.


vcom-vlog Message # 1999:
Interface directory is generated by parallel simulation partitioning analysis.
Absence of this directory for given optimized design indicates that either partitioning
analysis has not been done, or optimized design has been over-written.


vcom-vlog Message # 2000:
Partitions must not have partition tops that are in the subhierarchy of each other.


vcom-vlog Message # 2001:
Usage of the specified option for number of jobs cannot be specified
together with host file. The hostfile can be used to limit the number
of the vopt processes run on each host.


vcom-vlog Message # 2002:
Use the -pedanticerrors switch for strict VHDL
compliance to make this an error.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vcom-vlog Message # 2003:
A package that was earlier compiled with -mixedsvvh option is being
re-compiled without -mixedsvvh option. This will make the package unusable
at the SV-VHDL mixed-language boundary. To use this package at the SV-VHDL
mixed-language boundary, it should be re-compiled with -mixedsvvh option.


vcom-vlog Message # 2004:
The +cover option is:
+cover[=<spec>][{+<selection>[.]}]
The +nocover option is:
+nocover[=<spec>][{+<selection>[.]}]
See documentation for further details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 2005:
An invalid spec character was specified with the +cover or +nocover option.
The valid spec characters are:
  b  Collect branch statistics
  c  Collect condition statistics
  e  Collect expression statistics
  f  Collect finite machine statistics
  s  Collect statement statistics
  t  Collect toggle statistics (Cannot be used with x option)
  x  Collect extended toggle statistics (Cannot be used with t option)
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog and/or vopt commands]


vcom-vlog Message # 2006:
Only one of toggle or extended toggle may be used.  If both options are
specified, extended toggle option is selected.


vcom-vlog Message # 2007:
Only one of toggle or extended toggle may be used.  If both options are
specified, extended toggle option is selected.


vcom-vlog Message # 2008:
No module or instance could be found in the design matching the name
specified with the +cover or +nocover option.  This name needs to be
a valid scope.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog/vopt command]


vcom-vlog Message # 2009:
Use vdir -l command to find such design units.


vcom-vlog Message # 2010:
A partition file must be given after -partfile option.


vcom-vlog Message # 2011:
This parameter is either floated by user, or it's cross-partition value is
not fixed during partitioning. Parallel simulation run will not be able to get
correct value during elaboration. You will need to re-partition the design to avoid
cross-partition reference of this parameter.


vcom-vlog Message # 2012:
This datatype is currently not supported at partition boundaries.


vcom-vlog Message # 2013:
Auto partitioning with VHDL hierarchy is not supported yet.


vcom-vlog Message # 2014:
Design cannot be partitioned at VHDL boundary yet.


vcom-vlog Message # 2015:
Usage of memory across partition boundary is supported only as global shared memory.
User needs to disable it by specifying proper options, if thats not required.


vcom-vlog Message # 2016:
The specified constant is not supported at the SV-VHDL mixed language boundary.
Please refer to Reference Manual for the list of supported types.


vcom-vlog Message # 2017:
UPF file name must be specified to vopt with the -pa_upf or -pa_upflist switch.


vcom-vlog Message # 2018:
The partition boundary must not have any port connection that are
complex data types, such as interface or instance.


vcom-vlog Message # 2019:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 2020:
A partition file containing both VHDL and Verilog boundaries is not allowed yet.


vcom-vlog Message # 2021:
Design cannot be partitioned at Mixed Language boundary yet.


vcom-vlog Message # 2022:
The partition hierarchy cannot have the following vhdl generate block.
Currently we do not support partition of a design below vhdl generates.


vcom-vlog Message # 2023:
The partition hierarchy cannot have the following verilog generate block.
Currently we do not support partition of a design below verilog generates.


vcom-vlog Message # 2024:
Partition boundary can only be at an user instance scope. Partitions can
not be cut at other scopes like block, generate, udp, SystemC instance etc.
SystemC instance cannot be a design top.
Nested SystemC-HDL scope cannot be used. Partitions cannot be empty


vcom-vlog Message # 2025:
Partition instances form a loop that cannot be supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 2026:
Partition instances form a loop that cannot be supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 2027:
Please check that you have specified correct combination of options.


vcom-vlog Message # 2028:
Hierarchical reference object should have known size at Vopt time.
If size depends on parameter and parameter is floated, then size will be unknown.


vcom-vlog Message # 2029:
Parallel simulation compiler has encountered an unresolved hierarchical reference.
The object is ignored.  This could result in differences in simulation.


vcom-vlog Message # 2030:
Preoptimized Design Unit instances must not be located at the partition boundary.


vcom-vlog Message # 2031:
An invalid option was specified; this is a fatal error.


vcom-vlog Message # 2033:
Specified instances must not be located at the partition boundary.


vcom-vlog Message # 2034:
We don't support some configurations in the partition hierarchy.
Try to use a different instance in the partition file.


vcom-vlog Message # 2035:
Hierarchical use of mentioned object must be within the same partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 2036:
Cross partition usage of mentioned object must be within the same partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 2037:
Since partition boundary logic is compiled in SV mode, two of the main
reasons for compilation failures are the presence of a cross-partition
port with a name that is a reserved keyword, and/or the presence of a
hierarchical reference that contains a reserved keyword.
You will need to elminate use of such reserved keywords and recompile.


vcom-vlog Message # 2038:
Hierarchical event control triggered by a memory must be within the same partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 2039:
Make sure that hierarchical use of unresolved object must be within the same partition,
where this object is declared. Otherwise, it may cause unexpected results later in the flow.


vcom-vlog Message # 2040:
The Design unit name specified in partition file should match with,
the design unit name pointed by instance path.


vcom-vlog Message # 2041:
Nested instances must not be located at the partition boundary.


vcom-vlog Message # 2042:
User-specified partition name cannot be the reserved word "unicore".
Change the partition name to something else.


vcom-vlog Message # 2043:
For using parallel simulation, libraries should be properly mapped.
Please make required changes in the modelsim.ini to point it to parallel
simulation library.


vcom-vlog Message # 2044:
Check if the profile database exists and if it has valid profile information
by opening database and generating report in vsim.


vcom-vlog Message # 2045:
The specified localparam is not supported at the SV-VHDL mixed language boundary.
Please refer to Reference Manual for the list of supported types.


vcom-vlog Message # 2046:
All the objects and constructs in directive's expression should be
clocked. LRM forbids such un-clocked objects/constructs.


vcom-vlog Message # 2047:
Multi-clocked properties cannot be instanced as top-level (maximal)
property of a directive.


vcom-vlog Message # 2048:
Directive cannot have multiple semantic leading clocks.


vcom-vlog Message # 2049:
Properties with multiple leading clocks cannot be instanced.


vcom-vlog Message # 2050:
The LRM section 'Multiclock support' of SVA requires both sides
of cycle delay operator '##' to be multiply clocked if any one
side is multiply clocked.


vcom-vlog Message # 2051:
Coverage, synthesis, and translate off pragmas work on design-unit scope
in VHDL and on file scope in Verilog.  These pragmas are reset at the
end of the design-unit and the file respectively.  This message occurs
when a coverage, synthesis, or translate off pragma was still in effect
at the end of design-unit or file.  Please make sure it is intended.


vcom-vlog Message # 2052:
Specified pragma will not be considered.


vcom-vlog Message # 2053:
Option "-writetoplevels" has not been used correctly. Correct usage is
  -writetoplevels <filename>
All the top level modules compiled by the vlog command will be recorded in a
file named <filename>. Any previous contents of this file will be over-written.


vcom-vlog Message # 2054:
A directory name was found in a context where a file name was expected.


vcom-vlog Message # 2055:
The -64 and -32 option requires the necessary executables to be available.
Avoid using these options if the necessary executables are not available.


vcom-vlog Message # 2056:
Encrypting parts of composite data types (e.g. struct, class, record)
is not supported.  The results are indeterminate.  Ostensibly encrypted
fields/elements might not actually be protected.


vcom-vlog Message # 2057:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 2058:
Repartition to locate all $random uses to a single partition
Or replace $random with $urandom in the original design.


vcom-vlog Message # 2059:
A valid recursion level is a number within range 0 to 254, where level 0 indicates
full recursion.


vcom-vlog Message # 2060:
Recursion level is applied only if explicit design unit or instance name is specified.
The recursion level is ignored in this case.


vcom-vlog Message # 2061:
Parallel simulator autopartitioner could not generate requested number of partitions.
The generated partition file will contain fewer partitions.


vcom-vlog Message # 2062:
There were errors when the given file copying process executed.
The log file should contain more details on the errors.


vcom-vlog Message # 2063:
Coverage, synthesis, and translate off pragmas work on design-unit scope
in VHDL and on file scope in Verilog.  These pragmas are reset at the
end of the design-unit and the file respectively.  This message occurs
when a coverage, synthesis, or translate off pragma was still in effect
at the end of design-unit or file.  Please make sure it is intended.


vcom-vlog Message # 2064:
There were errors during "vopt" code generation for a portion of the design
being compiled.  The transcript preceding this message should contain more
details on the failure(s).


vcom-vlog Message # 2065:
Instance has been specified multiple times in partitition file


vcom-vlog Message # 2066:
The -pdu/-bbox option was specified with a Verilog package as the top-level.
Most likely scenario is that the top-level was compiled with vlog -cuname
and -mfcu options.


vcom-vlog Message # 2067:
The access option syntax is :
   -access=[[-]<access_codes>]+<objselection>
See documentation for further details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 2068:
An invalid code character was specified with the -access option.
The valid access code characters specified with -access= are:
  r  read
  w  write
  c  connectivity
  -  negate the following access code character
When no valid code characters are specified, the default set of code
characters are selected.


vcom-vlog Message # 2069:
The -tbxhvllint switch causes the compiler to warn about delays found in
the source code that may cause synchronization issues in Veloce TBX.


vcom-vlog Message # 2070:
An existing design unit is being recompiled, and the protected status of
it is being changed.


vcom-vlog Message # 2071:
The 'coverage on' pragma does not support nested behavior.
It turns on coverage irrespective of any number of
'coverage off' pragmas encountered earlier in the file.
This message alerts the user with information to check
if code coverage is accidentally being turned 'on'.


vcom-vlog Message # 2072:
In a mixed design, if an instance name is a VHDL extended identifier
with white space (\vh dl\) embedded, partitioning at the Verilog/SV
boundary below such instances is not allowed.  User can partition at the
VHDL boundary below such instances in these scenario.


vcom-vlog Message # 2073:
The tool could not find a suitable library as specified via a 'library_binding' attribute.
Please verify that the library specified by the 'library_binding' attribute is in the
-L library list.
This error is supressible.  When this error is suppressed the tool may use
a design element from another library if it can find one.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 2074:
There were errors when the given tree deletion process executed.
The log file should contain more details on the errors.


vcom-vlog Message # 2075:
The "-refresh_dufile" option to specify a file containing a list of design-units
to be refreshed is only applicable if the -refresh option is specified as well.


vcom-vlog Message # 2076:
The given "-refresh_dufile" file had an entry on the specified line that could
not be parsed.


vcom-vlog Message # 2077:
The given "-refresh_dufile" file had no valid design-unit names in it.


vcom-vlog Message # 2078:
There were errors while copying files with debug information while vopt was
doing its compilation.  These files are typically not be required for the
design to be simulated correctly, so these errors are being treated as warnings
only.  The transcript should contain more information as to the copies that
failed, and the reason for the failure.


vcom-vlog Message # 2079:
Rerun parallel simulator partitioning analysis if their is change in partition file.


vcom-vlog Message # 2080:
The syntax for the -gen_entity option is:
    -gen_entity <module> <output file>

where:
    <module> is the name of the interface to be generated
    <output file> is the name of the file where the results are stored.


vcom-vlog Message # 2081:
The syntax for the -gen_dbs option is:
    -gen_dbs <primary> <secondary> <output file>


vcom-vlog Message # 2082:
Cross-partition hierarchical references to variable bit-/part- selects is not supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 2083:
Valid new line constructs are formed by either the ASCII character
0x0A or by the ASCII sequence 0x0D 0x0A.  This message indicates that
the ASCII character 0x0D was found in the source by itself.  The
character 0x0D must be followed by 0x0A in order for line numbering
to work properly.  If this warning exists then the line numbers in
the GUI will be incorrect.


vcom-vlog Message # 2084:
Packages containing any encrypted content cannot be compiled
with -mixedsvvh. Such packages are not supported for sharing
across the SV-VHDL language boundary.


vcom-vlog Message # 2085:
A synthesis off region was detected and its contents are being ignored.
Errors might result from incomplete and/or erroneous representation of the
remaining HDL; the remaining token stream might not represent a legal and
syntactically valid sequence of lexical elements, or dependencies might not
satisfy requirements and assumptions of their users.


vcom-vlog Message # 2086:
Auto-partitioner could not annotate the design instnaces with the profile data.
Check if the profile database has valid information by opening the database
and generating report in vsim


vcom-vlog Message # 2087:
An invalid option was specified with the -xprop switch.


vcom-vlog Message # 2088:
The xprop option syntax is :
   -xprop[,mode=<xpropmode>][,report=<reportcode>][,object=<objects>]
See documentation for further details.


vcom-vlog Message # 2089:
Xprop is currently not supported with Parallel Simulation and Coverage.


vcom-vlog Message # 2090:
Xprop can be run on instances and modules only.


vcom-vlog Message # 2091:
The Module cannot be used as common module.
Please check relevant parallel simulation documentation for further details.


vcom-vlog Message # 2092:
Partitioning below common module is not allowed.


vcom-vlog Message # 2093:
Please check relevant parallel simulation documentation for further details.


vcom-vlog Message # 2094:
Please check relevant parallel simulation documentation for further details.


vcom-vlog Message # 2095:
A syntax error occurred in "-pduspec" or "-reporthrefs" specification.
Valid syntax is:
-pduspec+{[<instancePathName>] | [[<libName>.]<moduleName>]}[+facc=<fileName>]
-reporthrefs+{[<instancePathName>] | [[<libName>.]<moduleName>]}[+f=<fileName>]
Examples:
  vopt -pduspec+mymod+facc=mymod.acc <other args> ...>
  vopt -pduspec+/top/dut1+facc=dut1.acc -pduspec+/top/dut2+facc=dut2.acc ...
  vopt -reporthrefs+mymod+f=mymodTbxHierrefs.txt ...
  vopt -reporthrefs+/top/dut1+f=dut1TbxHRefs.txt -reporthrefs+/top/dut2+f=dut2TbxHRefs.txt ...
See documentation for further details.


vcom-vlog Message # 2096:
-optuvminfo=<verbosity> option will optimize uvm_info and uvm_report_info
messages with higher than given verbosity. Once they are optimized, they
cannot be enabled by changing verbosity at runtime.


vcom-vlog Message # 2097:
The 10.3 release no longer supports -fast compiled modules.
Libraries containing -fast design units are refreshed without -fast
and should be optimized using vopt to provide equivalent performance.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Optimizing Designs with vopt]


vcom-vlog Message # 2098:
Cross-partition usage of a memory can result in incorrect simulation results
when this memory is used as port in design.


vcom-vlog Message # 2099:
Check option syntax. See documentation for further details.


vlog Message # 2100:
An error was encountered while trying to create a directory.
This message can be issued for a uselib directory specified either by the
-compile_uselibs option or by the environment variable MTI_USELIB_DIR;
it can also come from the encryption tools vencrypt/vhencrypt when the output
directory cannot be created.
Verify that you have write permission in the location where the directory is
to be created. This message might be followed by another message that gives
more information about the problem.


vlog Message # 2101:
A `uselib directive must refer to a directory, a file, or a library
extension. For example:
  `uselib dir=<library_directory>
  `uselib file=<library_file>
  `uselib libext=<file_extension>
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog chapter]


vlog Message # 2102:
The -timescale option takes one argument in the following format:
  <time_units> / <time_precision>
The format for <time_units> and <time_precision> is the following:
  <n><units>
The value of <n> must be 1, 10, or 100.
The value of <units> must be fs, ps, ns, us, ms, or s.
In addition, the <time_units> must be greater than or equal
to the <time_precision>.
Example usage: -timescale "1ns / 1ps"
Note that the argument may need to be quoted if it contains
white space.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 2103:
The directory path specified with the -y option cannot be found.
Make sure that the -y option is specified correctly, that the
directory exists, and that you have read/execute permission for
the directory. Also make sure that any environment variables used in
the -y option are defined and set to the correct values.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 2104:
The -incrcomp option cannot be specified when either the -incr or the
-noincr option is also specified; the -sv05compat option is also not
allowed.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 2105:
The -R option was specified but no top-level modules were found in
the design that was just compiled.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 2106:
While doing a refresh, there was a problem opening the specified
design unit in the specified library. The problem could be one of
the following:
  o The library path could not be found.
  o The library is not a valid QuestaSim library.
  o The design unit was not found in the library.
  o The data file for the design unit could not be found or opened.


vlog Message # 2107:
Please refer to preceding warnings/errors for more details.


vlog Message # 2108:
No module could be found in the design matching the module name
specified with the +acc/-xprop option.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 2109:
Either the `protected block has been modified after being generated
or it was generated using another vendor's simulation tools.


vlog Message # 2110:
The specified object was used in an expression that does not allow that
type of object to be used.

Example:

When assigning a value to a net, you cannot use the following type of
assignment statement:
  DATA = 2'bzz;
This will result in an "Illegal reference to net" error message.
Instead, if you want to make several assignments to a net, do something
like the following:
  reg  [31:0] DATAr;
  wire [31:0] DATA = DATAr;
  initial begin
    ...
    DATAr = 4'bzzzz;
    ...
    DATAr = 4'b1100;
    ...
  end


vlog Message # 2111:
A Verilog configuration can contain only one default clause.
For more information on default clause, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 33.4.1.2 The default clause]


vlog Message # 2112:
Library map files were added as part of Verilog 2001 configuration
implementation. A library map file is used to indicate which library a
particular Verilog source description is to be compiled into. Illegal
characters were found in the library path name in a library map file.
Legal characters are all alphanumeric characters, '?', '*', and '.'.


vlog Message # 2113:
The library file contains a library pattern that points to a
non-existent physical directory


vlog Message # 2114:
The specified file matched more than one library pattern.


vlog Message # 2115:
A library map file must be compiled before any Verilog source files to
ensure that all modules are compiled into the correct libraries. A library
map file can be specified anywhere on the command line as long as it is
preceded by the -libmap switch. The -libmap switch is optional if the map
file is the first source file on the command line. Multiple library map
files are allowed, but each one must be preceded by the -libmap switch.


vlog Message # 2116:
An environment variable that was used in a configuration library path or
the -incdir include search path was not found in the current environment.


vlog Message # 2118:
Constant functions may not contain any hierarchical references, calls
to system functions, or references to identifiers other than functions and
parameters that are defined outside of the function.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 10.3.5]


vlog Message # 2119:
Automatic variables are not allowed as arguments to system tasks like
$monitor, $dumpports and $dumpvar.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 10.2.3]


vlog Message # 2120:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2121:
Unsized constant numbers shall not be allowed in concatenations.
This is because the size of each operand in the concatenation
is needed to calculate the complete size of the concatenation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 11.4.12 Concatenation operators]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2122:
The letter in a display task percent specifier must be one of:
  b, c, d, e, f, g, h, l, m, o, s, t, u, v, or z.
To display a literal '%', use '%%'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 17.1.1.2]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2123:
Each percent specifier in a display task format string must correspond
to a subsequent non-null argument. The only exceptions to this are
the %l and %m specifiers.
To display a literal '%', use '%%'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 17.1.1]


vlog Message # 2124:
Sequence or property when instanced in Clocking Block must have the
same clock as clocking block.


vlog Message # 2125:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2126:
When defining an enum value with the syntax 'name[N:M]' the value for
N and M can be a constant expression with limited references to parameters.
Parameters must be defined in a package and the parameter value must not depend
on any forward references to constant functions.


vlog Message # 2127:
The following syntax is illegal: [LRM 1363-2001 Sec 13.3.1.4]
  cell lib.cell liblist lib1 lib2;
You must use a USE clause instead of a liblist in this case.


vlog Message # 2128:
This implementation follows the draft Verilog 1364-2005 rules for
generate block labels in conditions.  Block labels in conditions must
not conflict with other declared names in the enclosing scope and
must not be used in non-nested condition structures, even if those
conditions are never elaborated.


vlog Message # 2129:
This note is informative only and is meant to assist
the user in diagnosing design elaboration issues such as
an unexpected large number of loop generated blocks.


vlog Message # 2130:
While creating an instance of a system function, it was found that a
system task of the same name was registered either through the PLI or
as a built-in systf. This is an error because the HDL code will expect
the system function to return a value, but the actual system task that
was registered will not do so.


vlog Message # 2131:
When defining an enum value with the syntax 'name[N]' the value for
N can be a constant expression with limited references to parameters.
Parameters must be defined in a package and the parameter value must not depend
on any forward references to constant functions.


vlog Message # 2132:
This implementation has restricted support for Verilog recursive
instantiations in the default optimized flow. Recursive instantiations
with a VHDL parent or those whose conditions depend on constant function
evaluations are not supported in the optimized flow. Designs with such
constructs must be simulated with the '-incr' switch.


vlog Message # 2133:
In order to deal with potentially unbounded recursive instantiations,
this implementation limits the depth of instantiations. The limit
can be modified in your modelsim.ini file if desired.


vlog Message # 2134:
In order to deal with potentially unbounded generate for loops,
this implementation limits the number of iterations of a given loop.
The limit can be modified in 'modelsim.ini' if desired.


vlog Message # 2135:
More port connections were found in an instantiation than were
expected for the module.


vlog Message # 2136:
The second argument to $sdf_annotate() must be an instance path.
Instance paths must end with either no indices or one index, because
Verilog does not allow multi-dimensional arrays of instances.


vlog Message # 2137:
There are no generates in path or all the generates are expanded
and hence result in a non-terminating recussion.


vlog Message # 2138:
The design unit was found in the library, but it could not be loaded.
Could not open the _primary.dat file in the library directory for the
specified design unit.


vlog Message # 2139:
The design unit was found in the library, but it could not be loaded.
The file fast.dat was in the library directory for the specified design
unit.  This indicates that the library was probably created with a
version of QuestaSim prior to version 5.5.  This is not compatible with
this version of QuestaSim.


vlog Message # 2140:
This can occur with a case like this:
   covergroup mygroup;
      mylabel: coverpoint var1;
      mylabel: coverpoint var2;
   endgroup
The second 'mylabel' will provoke the error.  Because coverpoints are
sometimes named implicitly or named according to the covered variable,
the error may occur in other circumstances, too.


vlog Message # 2141:
Automatic or dynamic variables cannot be written with nonblocking
or continuous assignments.  Dynamic objects include object handles,
non-static class properties, dynamic and associative arrays, strings,
and event variables.
[DOC: SystemVerilog 3.1a LRM - Section 5.5]


vlog Message # 2142:
Only one default skew statement is allow in each clocking block.


vlog Message # 2143:
Clocking block identifiers must be declared in the
enclosing scope of the clocking block.


vlog Message # 2144:
Coverpoint expressions must be integral.  No value in a 'bins'
specification may be unpacked, real, or any other non-integral type.


vlog Message # 2145:
Coverpoint expressions must be integral.  No value in a 'bins'
specification may be unpacked, real, or any other non-integral type.


vlog Message # 2146:
Coverpoint expressions must have integral types.  Unpacked types,
reals, and other non-integral types are illegal.


vlog Message # 2147:
Expressions in 'bins' size, value or transition specifications must only
refer to constants or covergroup constructor arguments.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2148:
IEEE1364[13.3.3] - specify paths without a data source expression are
treated as level-sensitive and cannot contain a from edge.  Since the
data source expression is not used by simulation, downgrading of this
error (to a note or warning) causes the specify path to be accepted as
an edge-sensitive path.


vlog Message # 2149:
Non-blocking assignments to program block variables are illegal.


vlog Message # 2150:
Blocking assignments to hierarchical references in a program block are illegal.


vlog Message # 2151:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2152:
From SystemVerilog LRM P1800 Draft 4, Section 21.3:
Covergroup defined in a Class is called an embedded Covergroup.
Such embedded Covergroups are implicitly of anonymous type and
Class containing this Covergroup has implicit variable with same
name as the embedded Covergroup. Explicit user-defined variables
of the embedded Covergroup types are not allowed. Following syntax
for object creation is only allowed for embedded Covergroup types.
   class c;
      covergroup ct;
      endgroup
      ct = new; // really implicit variable named 'ct' of type 'ct'
   endclass


vlog Message # 2153:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2154:
Cannot mark the specified signal as sparse.


vlog Message # 2155:
Global declarations are only legal in SystemVerilog. To enable SystemVerilog you
can either use the -sv vlog command line switch or give the source file a .sv
extension.


vlog Message # 2156:
default clocking specified multiple times.
[DOC: SystemVerilog 3.1a LRM - Section 15.11]


vlog Message # 2157:
default clocking identifier '%s' does not match previously defined default clock '%s'.
[DOC: SystemVerilog 3.1a LRM - Section 15.11]


vlog Message # 2158:
Automatic variables are not allowed to be used inside a fork-join_none
or fork-join_any block.


vlog Message # 2159:
Unlike native function/task prototypes, other decls require identifiers for formals.


vlog Message # 2160:
Clocking block output synchronous drives must use '<=' assignment.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2005 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 15.14]


vlog Message # 2161:
On Windows and AIX, it is not allowed to place C/C++ files containing DPI
export tasks and functions on the compiler command line.  Instead, compile
the C/C++ code ahead of time, and then use the -R -sv_lib <libname> switch
to load the DPI code into the simulator.


vlog Message # 2162:
-cuname requires -mfcu on the commandline.


vlog Message # 2163:
The compiler directive/macro is not recognized by QuestaSim. If this
error has been generated from within a protected region then contact
the provider of the IP to verify that no references to undefined
macros exist within the protected region.


vlog Message # 2164:
Class or package declarations must be compiled before being referenced.


vlog Message # 2165:
QuestaSim automatically generates and compiles "glue" code for Systemc
SystemVerilog DPI tasks and functions. The compilation of the generated
code failed. See the error message text for clues to the problem.


vlog Message # 2166:
The tool automatically maintains a database for DPI TF instances and types.
Each time a vlog compile will add the TF instances and types from current
compile into the database as new entries. The related operation is failed.


vlog Message # 2167:
Protected and local class properties are not yet supported


vlog Message # 2168:
A SystemVerilog design with $unit declarations references more than one library.
This may happen when both -libmap and -mfcu are used.


vlog Message # 2169:
A SystemVerilog source file within a library directory specified with -y
contains a declaration in $unit scope and the compiler is in mfcu mode.


vlog Message # 2170:
A SystemVerilog source file within a library file specified with -v
contains a declaration in $unit scope.


vlog Message # 2171:
Multi-clock sequence or property is not allowed in clocking block.


vlog Message # 2172:
The dpiheader file cannot be generated if a struct argument has
elements composed of parameterized types or parameterized widths.
Generating the dpiheader file at a later processing stage may help
work around this issue, since parameters become better settled
in later processing stages.


vlog Message # 2173:
The P1800-2005 LRM stipulates that C linkage be used for DPI.
Thus identifier names visible on the C side of DPI must be legal
C identifiers.


vlog Message # 2174:
If a DPI tf has an anonymous struct argument, the DPI tf cannot
be called due to strong type checking.  Use a typedef instead.


vlog Message # 2175:
An un-labeled Coverpoint is covering a simple named variable
which exists in Covergroup scope or the user specified label of
Coverpoint is already the name of another object in Covergroup scope.
Thus hindering the creation of Coverpoint variable with same name.


vlog Message # 2176:
A SystemVerilog source file within a library file specified with -v
contains a package declaration that will not be compiled. Packages are
ignored during library file scanning.


vlog Message # 2177:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2178:
QuestaSim automatically maintains a database for all DPI-SC TF instances.
The current database file present in work library was generated by a later
version software and can't be read. Either use a later version software or
run a clean recompile of all the source files using the current software.


vlog Message # 2179:
QuestaSim automatically maintains a database for all DPI TF instances.
The current database file present in work library was generated by an older
version software. New DPI features might not be available unless the
relevant source files are recompiled with the current software.


vlog Message # 2180:
Passing an array of SystemC Data type objects in DPI-SC call is not currently supported.


vlog Message # 2181:
Using a parameterized class without explicit parameters creates a
specialization of the parameterized class using the default parameters.
A parameterized class is not a type; only specializations of the
parameterized class are types.


vlog Message # 2182:
The indicated variable in an always_comb or an always @*block might be read before
it is written.  In that case, the reader will not see the updated value.


vlog Message # 2183:
Due to support for separate compilation, it is not possible to determine
the actual type of a type referenced from an interface.  As a result any
references to inherited names must be prefixed by "this." or "super."
in order for the compiler to determine that the references are intended to be
references to members inherited from the final type.


vlog Message # 2184:
Due to support for separate compilation, it is not possible to determine
the actual type of a type parameter.  When a type parameter is used as
the super class type for a class extension, it is not possible to
determine the inherited property or method names.  As a result any references
to inherited names must be prefixed by "this." or "super." in order
for the compiler to determine that the references are intended to be
references to members inherited from the final type.  Using a class type
as the default allows the compiler to assume knowledge about members
inherited from the super type.


vlog Message # 2185:
This can occur with a case like this:
   covergroup mygroup;
      mylabel: cross var1, var1;
   endgroup
The second 'var1' will provoke the warning since a cross between a
coverpoint or variable and itself produces the same results as the
coverpoint or variable alone.


vlog Message # 2186:
This module may not run in the QuestaSim Personal Edition.


vlog Message # 2187:
From the Verilog LRM 1364-2005 section 19.11:
Each `begin_keywords directive must be paired with an `end_keywords directive.


vlog Message # 2188:
From the Verilog LRM 1364-2005 section 19.11:
Each `begin_keywords directive must be paired with an `end_keywords directive.


vlog Message # 2189:
QuestaSim automatically maintains a database for all DPI-SC TF instances.
The current database file present in work library was generated on a different
kind platform. This is incompatible with current platform. The
relevant SV source files need to be recompiled on current platform.


vlog Message # 2190:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2191:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2192:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2193:
The design unit that is being bound is either not a supported type, or
is not of a valid type.


vlog Message # 2194:
The target of the bind statement is not of valid type.


vlog Message # 2195:
Hierarchical reference in actual expression of bind statement not supported
when target of bind is a VHDL design unit.


vlog Message # 2196:
This type of expression is not supported when target of bind is VHDL
design unit. Please refer to User Guide for supported expression types.


vlog Message # 2197:
'.*' port connection not allowed when target of bind is a VHDL design unit.


vlog Message # 2198:
Parameterized value or type is not currently supported in DPI-SC.


vlog Message # 2199:
When using a hierarchical expression in a clocking block variable declaration
the variable being declared may not be a hierarchical path.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2005 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 15.4]


vlog Message # 2200:
QuestaSim automatically generates and compiles "glue" code for Systemc
SystemVerilog DPI tasks and functions. The generation of the wrapper C++
code failed. See the error message text for clues to the problem.


vlog Message # 2201:
QuestaSim automatically generates "glue" code for each SystemVerilog library
specified by -dpilib switch. However QuestaSim could not find any usage of SystemC
DPI in this library.


vlog Message # 2202:
Clocking block variables may not be dynamic array type or string type.
Clocking block output variables may not be of unpacked array type.


vlog Message # 2203:
The clocking_event designates a particular event to act as the clock for the clocking block.
The timing used to drive and sample all other signals specified
in a given clocking block is governed by its clocking event.
clocking_event ::= @ identifier | @ ( event_expression )
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 14.3 Clocking block declaration]


vlog Message # 2204:
The clocking_skew determines how many time units away from the clock event
a signal is to be sampled or driven. Input skews are implicitly negative, that is,
they always refer to a time before the clock, whereas output skews always refer
to a time after the clock. When the clocking event specifies a simple edge,
instead of a number, the skew can be specified as the specific edge of the signal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 14.3 Clocking block declaration]


vlog Message # 2205:
The DPI import function can have only the following return types: void, byte,
shortint, int, longint, real, shortreal, chandle, string.
Std 1800-2005 26.4.5


vlog Message # 2206:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2207:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2208:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2209:
There shall be at most one timeUnit/timePrecision in any compilation-unit scope.
These values can be repeated, but they must match.


vlog Message # 2210:
There shall be at most one timeUnit/timePrecision in any compilation-unit scope.
Once the default timeUnit/timePrecision is used by one module, another module
cannot set a new value.


vlog Message # 2211:
If an import DPI function declares a formal argument (input, inout, or output)
that is a fixed size array, then a dynamic array of the same size can be
passed as an actual argument to this function.  However, if the function
declares a formal argument that is an unsized array, a dynamic array of any
size can only be passed to formal arguments of input and inout mode
(not output).  Refer to Section 5.8 Arrays as arguments in IEEE Std 1800-2005.


vlog Message # 2212:
Clocking block output synchronous drives may only use ## cycle delay.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2005 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 15.14]


vlog Message # 2213:
For specifics consult the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vlog Message # 2214:
For specifics consult the QuestaSim User's Manual on mixed language simulation.


vlog Message # 2215:
Option "-mixedsvvh" has not been used correctly. Correct usage is
  -mixedsvvh [b|s|v] [packedstruct]
   b    => generate equivalent bit
   s    => generate equivalent std_logic
   v    => generate equivalent vl_logic (default)
 packedstruct => map packed struct to VHDL record type


vlog Message # 2216:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2217:
If a default argument value is specified in the out-of-block declaration,
then there shall be a syntactically identical default argument value specified in the prototype.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 8.24 Out-of-block declarations]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2218:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2219:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2220:
The value of the specified parameter has been given using the -g or -G
option. The -g/-G option overrides the +floatparameters option.


vlog Message # 2221:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2222:
If specified, the timeUnit and timePrecision declarations shall precede
any other items in the current time scope.
These values can be repeated, but if they repeate then all repitions
must specify the same value.


vlog Message # 2223:
Section 13.6 of the IEEE P1800-2005 LRM specifies that variable names referenced
in an in-line constraint block are first resolved with respect to the scope of the
randomized object class. If a name fails to resolve within that scope, the name
is resolved normally, starting in the scope containing the in-line constraint.
QuestaSim does not currently support resolution of variable names in in-line
constraint blocks, with respect to the scope of the randomized object class,
when a call to class::randomize() is made via a path that cannot be resolved
at compile time (i.e. parameterized class instance or hierarchical instance).


vlog Message # 2224:
Clocking block inputs may only be read, not driven.
NOTE: The line number reported may show the first use of the clocking block input,
but the error may be with another occurrence of the clocking block input.


vlog Message # 2225:
Clocking block outputs may only be used on the left hand side of a clocking drive '<='
NOTE: The line number reported may show the first use of the clocking block output,
but the error may be with another occurrence of the clocking block output.


vlog Message # 2226:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2227:
Constraint Blocks declared within a class need to be defined outside the class.
For Constraint block declaration syntax, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 18.5 Constraint blocks]


vlog Message # 2228:
No module or instance could be found in the design matching the name
specified with the +initmem/+initreg/+noinitmem/+noinitreg option.
This name needs to be a valid scope or a register or a memory name.
The design unit name cannot match with the name of a nested
module/program/interface.
This option cannot be applied to an instance name with nested
module/program/interface hierarchy.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog/vopt command]


vlog Message # 2229:
A SystemC datatype was not used according to the use model. Please refer
to the User's Guide for the correct usage of SystemC datatypes in DPI.


vlog Message # 2230:
An alias statement declares multiple names for the same physical net,
 or bits within a net. The syntax for an alias statement is as follows:
net_alias ::= alias net_lvalue = net_lvalue { = net_lvalue } ;
net_lvalue ::=
  ps_or_hierarchical_net_identifier constant_select
  | { net_lvalue { , net_lvalue } }
  | [ assignment_pattern_expression_type ] assignment_pattern_net_lvalue
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 10.11 Net aliasing]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2231:
Aliasing a reg is not allowed.
For more information on aliasing, please refer to:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 10.11 Net aliasing]


vlog Message # 2232:
The nets connected with an alias statement must be type compatible, that
is, they have to be of the same net-type.  For example, it is illegal to
connect a wand net to a wor net with an alias statement.


vlog Message # 2233:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2234:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2235:
Due to IEEE 1364 PLI requirements, the representation for a memory element
cannot be the same as the representation of a non-memory declaration.
When a memory element is used as the actual for a 'ref' mode formal,
inout semantics must be followed in order to convert the representation.


vlog Message # 2236:
A task is not permitted to be called with a void'() cast.  Casts are
permitted only with function enables.


vlog Message # 2237:
See the QuestaSim Reference Manual for details on usage.


vlog Message # 2238:
IEEE Std 1800 does not allow the literal 'null' to be assigned to
a dynamic array.  This implementation permits such assignments as
being equivalent to a resize of the array to size 0.


vlog Message # 2239:
The compiler has detected a situation in which something that is likely
a function call is being used in a manner such that the return value is
being ignored; thus an implicit VOID cast of the return value is
assumed.  It is generally not a good idea to throw away a function
return value.


vlog Message # 2240:
The compiler has detected a situation in which a function call is being
used in a manner such that the return value is being ignored; thus an
implicit VOID cast of the return value is assumed.  It is generally not
a good idea to throw away a function return value.


vlog Message # 2241:
An expression connected to a module instance port has a different
number of bits than the formal port declaration.


vlog Message # 2242:
Array with unsized packed or unpacked dimensions is not allowed to be used as
 a field of struct when passed as DPI tf argument type.


vlog Message # 2243:
Subrouties called in the action block of deferred assertions
can only contain input or ref type of formals.


vlog Message # 2244:
An explicit static keyword shall be required when an initialization value
is specified as part of a static variable's declaration to indicate the
user's intent of executing that initialization only once at the beginning
of simulation. The static keyword shall be optional where it would not be
legal to declare the variables as automatic.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - 6.21 Scope and Lifetime]
Variable initialized in its declaration in a static task, function or
procedural block requires an explicit static keyword.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2245:
Type of VHDL hierarchical reference used as actual expression in bind
statement cannot be defined in architecture or package body. Such types
must always be defined in packages visible in target VHDL scopes.


vlog Message # 2246:
The specified hierarchical reference is not supported in actual


vlog Message # 2247:
The port is bound in the module instantiation using .*. No identifier
with the same name is in scope at the module instantiation location.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2248:
Re-definition of ANSI style port declaration is allowed with the
-mixedansiports option.  This can cause run time errors if the types
do not match.


vlog Message # 2249:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2250:
The function has a return path in which no return value is being
explicitly set.


vlog Message # 2251:
Concatenation of an unpacked value is technically illegal.  We allow it
in this case.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2252:
Leaving out parts of a 'for' loop is not supported by the BNF at
this time, but we allow it as it is acceptable in 'C'.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2253:
Top-level module name must be specified as "<module_name>" or
"<library_name>.<module_name>" .


vlog Message # 2254:
This module may not run in the QuestaSim Deluxe Edition.


vlog Message # 2255:
Event expressions shall return singular values.
Aggregate types can be used in an expression provided the expression
reduces to a singular value. The object members or aggregate elements can be
any type as long as the result of the expression is a singular value.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 9.4.2 Event control]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2256:
The Verilog standard is unclear as to the meaning of aggregate valued
event expressions. This construct is best avoided.


vlog Message # 2257:
The identifier after endtask or endfunction cannot be qualified with
a class name.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2258:
Either eliminate the label or try to compile the design as a SystemVerilog
design using the -sv switch.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2259:
Sequence or property when declared in Clocking Block cannot have
clocking events.


vlog Message # 2260:
If this is a SystemVerilog design, compile using the -sv switch.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2261:
The name provide is to a previously optimized design.  Optimized design
cannot be reoptimized.


vlog Message # 2262:
The name provide is to a previously optimized design.  Optimized design
cannot be reoptimized.


vlog Message # 2263:
Macro redefinition.


vlog Message # 2264:
Attempt to redefine a compiler directive.
If the command line specified a '-f' argument then carefully look
for command line macro definitions specified in the argument file.
Since a macro may be defined on the command line using plusargs
notation unexpected behavior may result.


vlog Message # 2265:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2266:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2267:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2268:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2269:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2270:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2271:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2272:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2273:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2274:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2275:
This warning indicates that a module, primitive, or other design unit has
already been compiled and that another design unit with the same name is
being compiled now.  Only the last so-named design unit will be placed
into the library.


vlog Message # 2276:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2277:
IEEE Std 1800 does not allow the parameter specifications to follow
the modport aspect of a virtual interface declaration.
This implementation permits the form 'interface_name.modport #(params)'
which is treated as being equivalent to the IEEE permitted form
'interface_name #(params).modport'.


vlog Message # 2278:
The actual and formal types do not match.


vlog Message # 2279:
Illegal formal type used in property or sequence expression.
For rules of typed formal arguments in a sequence expression, please refer to:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 16.8.1 Typed formal arguments in sequence declarations]


vlog Message # 2280:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2281:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2282:
IEEE Std 1800 does not allow creating cover cross from other crosses.
This implementation permits such coverage construct.


vlog Message # 2283:
An isolated semicolon was found in the $unit (global) scope.  For
SystemVerilog designs, if no other $unit declarations exist, this
will result in the unnecessary creation of an empty $unit scope.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2284:
An empty $unit (global) scope has been created.  This is the result
of an extra semicolon in $unit scope.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2285:
Concatenation of a real expression is technically illegal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Table 11-1 Operators and data types]


vlog Message # 2286:
The specified directory was added to the include file search list.
The directory location was derived from the location of the imported library.


vlog Message # 2287:
An included file was found with an unexpected path.  Check +incdir+
locations to ensure compatibility with associated library.


vlog Message # 2288:
Check library search order (-Lf and -L) and package compile order.


vlog Message # 2289:
Only nonvoid functions with no output or inout arguments can be specified as pure.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2290:
Local var formals of type inout and out cannot have default argument.


vlog Message # 2291:
A task, a function or another type of declaration has already been made using this name.
A name cannot be declared more than once within a scope.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2292:
A file was included from an unexpected location.  Check +incdir+
locations to ensure compatibility with associated library.


vlog Message # 2293:
Parameters can be declared without an explicit initial value for vlog.
However a value must be supplied to the parameter during elaboration.


vlog Message # 2294:
In a data declaration it shall be illegal to omit the data type before a
list of variable declaration assignments unless the 'var' keyword is used.
This message will be an error in the next minor number release of Questa.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section A.10 "Footnotes (normative)"]


vlog Message # 2295:
Within a fork-join_any or fork-join_none block, it shall be illegal to refer to formal
arguments passed by reference other than in the initialization value expression of variables
declared in a block_item_declaration of the fork.
This message is suppressible with static actual arguments.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 9.3.2 "Parallel blocks"]


vlog Message # 2296:
A fixedsize unpacked array, dynamic array, or queue, or a slice of such an array,
shall be assignment compatible with any other such array or slice,
if all the following conditions are satisfied:
- The element types of source and target shall be equivalent.
- If the target is a fixed-size array or a slice,
  the source array shall have the same number of elements as the target.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 7.6 Array assignments]


vlog Message # 2297:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2298:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2299:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2300:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2301:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2302:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2303:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2304:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2305:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2306:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2307:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2308:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2309:
`default_nettype directive syntax:
default_nettype_compiler_directive ::= Default_nettype default_nettype_value
default_nettype_value ::=
wire | tri | tri0 | tri1 | wand | triand | wor | trior | trireg | uwire | none
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 22.8 `default_nettype]


vlog Message # 2310:
The directive `unconnected_drive takes one of two arguments-pull1 or pull0.
When pull1 is specified, all unconnected input ports are automatically pulled up.
When pull0 is specified, unconnected ports are pulled down.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 22.9 `unconnected_drive and `nounconnected_drive]


vlog Message # 2312:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2313:
The syntax for the `timescale directive is
timescale_compiler_directive ::= `timescale time_unit / time_precision
The time_unit argument specifies the unit of measurement for times and delays.
The time_precision argument specifies how delay values are rounded before being used in simulation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 22.7 `timescale]


vlog Message # 2314:
Valid uselib arguments are : "dir", "file", "lib", "libnext"


vlog Message # 2315:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2316:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2317:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2318:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2319:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2320:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2321:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2322:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2323:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2324:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2325:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2326:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2327:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2328:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2329:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2330:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2331:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2332:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2333:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2334:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2335:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2336:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2337:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2338:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2339:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2340:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2341:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2342:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2343:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2344:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2345:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2346:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2347:
The PSL formal parameter value can be one of 'bitvector', 'numeric' or 'bit'.


vlog Message # 2348:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2349:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2350:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2351:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2352:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2353:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2354:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2355:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2356:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2357:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2358:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2359:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2360:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2361:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2362:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2363:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2364:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2365:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2366:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2367:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2368:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2369:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2370:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2371:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2372:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2373:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2374:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2375:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2376:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2377:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2378:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2379:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2380:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2381:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2382:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2383:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2384:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2385:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2386:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2387:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2388:
Redeclaration of a port, variable or other identifier within the same scope is illegal.
This message can be suppressed.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2389:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2390:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2391:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2392:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2393:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2394:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2395:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2396:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2397:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2398:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2399:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2400:
A syntax error occurred because an identifier was used where a type
name should have been used.  A common mistake that leads to this
situation involves the use of a type name from a SystemVerilog
package.  Check for missing package imports.  If packages import
other packages with types verify that all needed types are exported.


vlog Message # 2401:
A syntax error occurred because SystemVerilog syntax was specified
where Verilog syntax does not allow for a semicolon.   For example:
   module m;
       ;  // <-- extra semicolon
   endmodule

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2402:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2403:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2404:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2405:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2406:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2407:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2408:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2409:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2410:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2411:
When defining an enum value with the syntax 'name[N:M]' the value for
N and M should be a non negative integral constant indicating the number of enum
values to define.If this error is suppressed then N and M can be a constant
expression with limited references to parameters.  Parameters must
be defined in a package and the parameter value must not depend
on any forward references to constant functions.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - Table 6-10-Enumeration element ranges].

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2412:
When defining an enum value with the syntax 'name[N]' the value for
N should be a positive integral constant indicating the number of enum
values to define.If this error is suppressed then N can be a constant
expression with limited references to parameters.  Parameters must
be defined in a package and the parameter value must not depend
on any forward references to constant functions.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - Table 6-10-Enumeration element ranges].

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2413:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2414:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2415:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2416:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2417:
Multiple packed dimensions are not allowed in a verilog module.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 4.9 Arrays]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2418:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2419:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2420:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2421:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2422:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2423:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2424:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2425:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2426:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2427:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2428:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2429:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2430:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2431:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2432:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2433:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2434:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2435:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2436:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2437:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2438:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2439:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2440:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2441:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2442:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2443:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2444:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2445:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2446:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2447:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2448:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2449:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2450:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2451:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2452:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2453:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2454:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2455:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2456:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2457:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2458:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2459:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2460:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2461:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2462:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2463:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2464:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2465:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2466:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2467:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2468:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2469:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2470:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2471:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2472:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2473:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2474:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2475:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2476:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2477:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2478:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2479:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2480:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2481:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2482:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2483:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2484:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2485:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2486:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2487:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2488:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2489:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2490:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2491:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2492:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2493:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2494:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2495:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2496:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2497:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2498:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2499:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2500:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2501:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2502:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2503:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2504:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2505:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2506:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2507:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2508:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2509:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2510:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2511:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2512:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2513:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2514:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2515:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2516:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2517:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2518:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2519:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2520:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2521:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2522:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2523:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2524:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2525:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2526:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2527:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2528:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2529:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2530:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2531:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2532:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2533:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2534:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2535:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2536:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2537:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2538:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2539:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2540:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2541:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2542:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2543:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2544:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2545:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2546:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2548:
When subclasses override virtual methods, they shall follow the prototype
exactly by having matching return types.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 8.19 "Virtual Methods"]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2549:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2550:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2551:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2552:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2553:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2554:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2555:
This warning is only reported with -lint option.


vlog Message # 2556:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2557:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2558:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2559:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2560:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2561:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2562:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2563:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2564:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2565:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2566:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2567:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2568:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2569:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2570:
A range expression of zero length (e.g. "[5:4]") was found. Most zero-length
ranges are specified in error, as a result of swapping the low-bound and high-bound.
The range will be treated as empty and contains no values--IEEE Standard
1800-2012 section 11.4.13.


vlog Message # 2571:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2572:
The DPI function/task prototype in the error message is illegal per IEEE 1800-2012.


vlog Message # 2573:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2574:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2575:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2576:
If the bitselect address is invalid (it is out of bounds or has one or more x or z bits),
then the value returned by the reference shall be x for 4-state and 0 for 2-state values.
A bit-select or part-select of a scalar, or of a real variable or real parameter, shall be illegal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 11.5.1 Vector bit-select and part-select addressing]


vlog Message # 2577:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2578:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2579:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2580:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2581:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2582:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2583:
vlog does not check for conflicts with always_comb and always_latch variables
and it is deferred to vopt time. Run vopt for additional design-level checks.


vlog Message # 2584:
It  is an error if multiple case items match with a unique case expression.
The implementation shall issue a violation report and execute the statement associated
with the matching case_item that appears first in the case statement,
but not the statements associated with other matching case_items.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 12.5.3 unique-case, unique0-case, and priority-case]


vlog Message # 2585:
A strength value may only be specified in a continuous assignment
in which the left hand side is a net type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 10.3]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2586:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2587:
A task can have time controlling statements but a function cannot.
For functions usage rules, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 13.4 Functions]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2588:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2589:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2590:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2591:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2592:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2593:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2594:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2595:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2596:
Component name was not found on a downward path while trying to resolve a
hierarchical reference. It may be safe to ignore this message if the
path contains an instance created using the SystemVerilog bind construct.


vlog Message # 2597:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2598:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2599:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2600:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2601:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2602:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2603:
The package is being referenced before it has been compiled.  A file found
along a -y path is being compiled on-demand.


vlog Message # 2604:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2605:
The Verilog LRM allows an empty port expressions to define unnamed ports,
in non-ANSI style module headers. A module declared with the port list '()'
is interpreted as having a single unnamed port but most users intend for
that to create a module with no ports. This warning reports any such,
potentially unintended, unnamed ports.


vlog Message # 2606:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2607:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2608:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2609:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2610:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2611:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2612:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2613:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2614:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2615:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2616:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2617:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2618:
Redeclaration of a port, variable or other identifier within the same scope is illegal.


vlog Message # 2619:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2620:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2621:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2622:
This error is generated with -pedanticerrors option.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2623:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2624:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2625:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2626:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2627:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2628:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2629:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2630:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2631:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2632:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2634:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2635:
Two or more table entries in a UDP specifying the same output
for the same combination of inputs,including edges, results in a warning.


vlog Message # 2636:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2637:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2638:
A tick (') was found in the source indicating that the complier expects
the name of a compiler directive or a macro name to follow.
The following will produce this warning: `*, ``, or `7.


vlog Message # 2639:
Invalid level argument to the directive `line.
Valid values for <level> are 0, 1, and 2.
Usage:
   `line <line_number> "<file_name>" <level>
Example:
   `line 1 "tb.sv" 0


vlog Message # 2640:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2641:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2642:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2643:
A string literal shall be contained in a single line
unless the new line is immediately preceded by a '\' (backslash).
In this case, the backslash and the newline are ignored.
There is no predefined limit to the length of a string literal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 5.9 String literals]


vlog Message # 2644:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2645:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2646:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2647:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2648:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2649:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2650:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2651:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2652:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2653:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2654:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2655:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2656:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2657:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2658:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2659:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2660:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2661:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2662:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2663:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2664:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2665:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2666:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2667:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2668:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2669:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2670:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2671:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2672:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2673:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2674:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2675:
A module instantiation contains fewer objects in its port list than the
actual module has defined in its port list; therefore, one or more ports
in the module will be unconnected. If all named ports appear to be
accounted for, check for extra commas in the module port list which
cause the definition of null ports. Here is an example of code that
causes this warning to occur:

  module b1(p1,,);
    input p1;
    initial begin
      #10 $displayb("%m",,p1);
    end
  endmodule

  module top;
    reg r1;
    b1 u1(r1);
    initial r1 = 0;
  endmodule

Note that three port connections are expected because there are two
commas in the module's port list.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vlog Message # 2676:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2677:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2678:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2679:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2680:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2681:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2682:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2683:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2684:
A module instantiation contains fewer objects in its port list than the
actual module has defined in its port list; therefore, one or more ports
in the module will be unconnected. If all named ports appear to be
accounted for, check for extra commas in the module port list which
cause the definition of null ports. Here is an example of code that
causes this warning to occur:

  module b1(p1,,);
    input p1;
    initial begin
      #10 $displayb("%m",,p1);
    end
  endmodule

  module top;
    reg r1;
    b1 u1(r1);
    initial r1 = 0;
  endmodule

Note that three port connections are expected because there are two
commas in the module's port list.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vlog Message # 2685:
A module instantiation contains fewer objects in its port list than the
actual module has defined in its port list; therefore, one or more ports
in the module will be unconnected. If all named ports appear to be
accounted for, check for extra commas in the module port list which
cause the definition of null ports. Here is an example of code that
causes this warning to occur:

  module b1(p1,,);
    input p1;
    initial begin
      #10 $displayb("%m",,p1);
    end
  endmodule

  module top;
    reg r1;
    b1 u1(r1);
    initial r1 = 0;
  endmodule

Note that three port connections are expected because there are two
commas in the module's port list.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vlog Message # 2686:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2687:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2688:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2689:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2690:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2691:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2692:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2693:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2694:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2695:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2696:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2697:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2698:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2699:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2700:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2701:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2702:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2703:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2704:
The effort required to create the FEC table for the expression is greater
than the limit set by the user (or the tool by default). FEC table can grow
exponentially for complex expressions and can severely impact performance
and memory footprint. This limit is put in place to keep a watch on the
effort involved while creating the FEC table and skip expressions that
exceed the limit. This warning is reported whenever an expression, that
would've otherwise been considered for FEC coverage, was ignored only
because a higher effort was required to create its FEC table, than
the limit set. Please use command-line option '-fecudpeffort' or modelsim.ini
variable 'FecUdpEffort' to increase this limit. Be aware that increasing this
limit may increase compilation, optimization, and simulation time.


vlog Message # 2705:
The effort required to create the UDP table for the expression is greater
than the limit set by the user (or the tool by default). UDP table can grow
exponentially for complex expressions and can severely impact performance
and memory footprint. This limit is put in place to keep a watch on the
effort involved while creating the UDP table and skip expressions that
exceed the limit. This warning is reported whenever an expression, that
would've otherwise been considered for UDP coverage, was ignored only
because a higher effort was required to create its UDP table, than
the limit set. Please use command-line option '-fecudpeffort' or modelsim.ini
variable 'FecUdpEffort' to increase this limit. Be aware that increasing this
limit may increase compilation, optimization, and simulation time.


vlog Message # 2706:
The effort required to create FEC and UDP tables for the expression is greater
than the limit set by the user (or the tool by default). FEC and UDP tables can grow
exponentially for complex expressions and can severely impact performance
and memory footprint. This limit is put in place to keep a watch on the
effort involved while creating these tables and skip expressions that
exceed the limit. This warning is reported whenever an expression, that
would've otherwise been considered for coverage, was ignored only
because a higher effort was required to create its FEC and UDP tables, than
the limit set. Please use command-line option '-fecudpeffort' or modelsim.ini
variable 'FecUdpEffort' to increase this limit. Be aware that increasing this
limit may increase compilation, optimization, and simulation time.


vlog Message # 2707:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2708:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2709:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2710:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2711:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2712:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2713:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2714:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2715:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2716:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2717:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2718:
The specified port is not connected.  See previous error (#2684) for more
information. This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vlog Message # 2719:
Parameter types can be declared without an explicit initial type for vlog.
However, a value must be supplied to the parameter during elaboration.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2720:
Generate begin/end blocks must be within a generate region.  Verilog
1364-2005 allowed implicit generate blocks, but SystemVerilog requires
generate blocks to be within explicit generate regions. Generate
regions are formed within generate/endgenerate keyword pairs or as a
part of a loop or conditional generate construct.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2721:
coverage fsm_off -fstate <state_variable> <transition> is the correct syntax for pragma exclusion
state_variable was not provided if this warning appears.


vlog Message # 2722:
coverage fsm_off -ftrans <state_variable> <transition> is the correct syntax for pragma exclusion
state_variable was not provided if this warning appears.


vlog Message # 2723:
Boolean values are commonly created using enumerated types and the results may not be as expected
when using the inversion operator. It is recommended to resize the enumerated type to one bit or
use the logical negation operator when manipulating boolean enumerated values.


vlog Message # 2724:
The IEEE 1800-2009 LRM allows streaming concatenation syntax of the following form:
   streaming_concatenation ::= { stream_operator constant_expression stream_concatenation }


vlog Message # 2725:
Use of virtual interfaces in assertion or expect is not supported.


vlog Message # 2726:
The specified library could not be accessed at the specified location.
Verify that the directories in the path exist and have the proper access
permissions and that the "_info" file (with proper access permissions)
exists.  This message might be preceded or followed by another message
that gives more information about the problem.

The vlib command creates a QuestaSim library.  The vmap command creates
the map from a logical library name to the physical library (directory).
Use the vmap command without arguments to find out how all the libraries
are mapped.  In the absence of a mapping, the library is searched for in
the current working directory.

One way this problem can occur is if the mapping for the library in your
modelsim.ini file contains an environment variable that is not set
in your environment.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2727:
An implicit coverpoint will be created if cross coverpoint list contains an
identifier. This implicit coverpoint is found to be a duplicate. It can be simply
replaced with the coverpoint explicitly declared.


vlog Message # 2728:
The left hand side of the inside operator must be a singular expression.
Also:
When using a range with the inside operator the lower and upper bounds
must be of a singular type for which the relation operators (<=, >=) are
defined.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 11.4.13 "Set membership operator"]


vlog Message # 2729:
Please contact support.


vlog Message # 2730:
A variable of the given name could not be found.


vlog Message # 2731:
An out-of-block declaration shall be declared in the same scope
as the class declaration and shall follow the class declaration.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 8.24 "Out-of-Block declaration"]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2732:
A parameter of the given name was specified to be overridden
with a type or a value.  However, a parameter of the given name
was not found in the target.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2733:
A parameter of the given name was specified to be overridden
with a type or a value.  However, a parameter of the given name
was not found in the target.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2734:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2735:
Variables of different types, such as a vector and a class handle,
may not be compared.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2736:
Section 25.7 of the LRM describes 'import' tasks and functions
in modports, but our support of 'import' with a simple or hierarchical
non-subroutine name (ie, a clocking block) is an extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2737:
An empty assignment pattern is only legal for a queue, but this
error may be suppressed for a dynamic array.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2738:
Only comma-separated lists of attributes are legal.
Questa will accept semicolons rather than a comma.
Note that the -pedanticerrors switch disables this
extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2739:
The SystemVerilog specification does not allow null
attribute specifications. Note that the -pedanticerrors
switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2740:
Associative or sparse array type are not supported as
 DPI tf argument type or a field of tf argument type.


vlog Message # 2741:
The rhs is evaluated just once at the time the force is executed
and is applied as though it is constant and does not update the
forced value subsequently when any of the rhs variables change value.


vlog Message # 2743:
Non-standard SystemVerilog attributes were found.
The -pedanticerrors switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2744:
It shall be illegal to have an import statement directory within a class scope.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 26.3 "Referencing data in packages"]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2745:
The class resolution operator needs to explicitly use #() syntax
when resolving a parameterized class.  For example if the class C is
parameterized then a proper class resolution operator would have the form
'C#()::'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2017 Verilog LRM - Section 8.25.1 "Class scope resolution operator
for parameterized classes"]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2746:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2747:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2748:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2749:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2750:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2751:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2752:
Cells containing continuous assignments to nets and some forces can be optimized under
limited conditions.  It is important that any net have only one driver.  Forces
must occur inside initial blocks and cannot be released.  Forces on nets that
are connected to input ports must use the +nocheckFORPORT setting to optimize as
the forced value will not be propagated to the port's hiconn.


vlog Message # 2753:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2754:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2755:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2756:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2757:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2758:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2759:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2760:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2761:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2762:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2763:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2764:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2765:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2766:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2767:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2768:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2769:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2770:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2771:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2772:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2773:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2774:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2775:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2776:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2777:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2778:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2779:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2780:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2781:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2782:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2783:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2784:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2785:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2786:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2787:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2788:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2789:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2790:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2791:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2792:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2793:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2794:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2795:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2796:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2797:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2798:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2799:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2800:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2801:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2802:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2803:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2804:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2805:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2806:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2807:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2808:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2809:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2810:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2811:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2812:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2813:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2814:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2815:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2816:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2817:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2818:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2819:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2820:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2821:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2822:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2823:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2824:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2825:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2826:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2827:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2828:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2829:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2830:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2831:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2832:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2833:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2834:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2835:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2836:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2837:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2838:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2839:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2840:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2841:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2842:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2843:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2844:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2845:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2846:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2847:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2848:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2849:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2850:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2851:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2852:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2853:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2854:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2855:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2856:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2857:
Questa will optimize cells with up to 64 timing checks.  This is an
internal limitation.  Questa will work with more timing checks on a
cell than 64, but the cell will not be optimized.


vlog Message # 2858:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2859:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2860:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2861:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2862:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2863:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2864:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2865:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2866:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2867:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2868:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2869:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2870:
There may be one or more instances which trigger this warning.


vlog Message # 2871:
The specified port is not connected.  See previous error (#2684) for more
information. This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vlog Message # 2872:
Instantiations for modules containing unnamed ports must connect the ports
by position. An unnamed port is created when a comma succeeds another
comma (",,") in the list of ports in a module declaration or when the
port expression is a bit-select, a part-select, or a concatenation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 12.3 Ports]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2873:
A task which has no delay and no DPI task calls is allowed to be in a function.
But a task with delay or DPI task call is not allowed in a function.


vlog Message # 2874:
Tasks cannot be called in functions.
Non-blocking task calls are allowed in functions
without -pedanticerrors switch.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2875:
Tasks cannot be called in functions as per LRM.
The -pedanticerrors switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2876:
The grammar for SystemVerilog configurations require that
each configuration rule statement and each design statement
be terminated with a semicolon.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2877:
The fixed_value pragma must be placed within the declarative region of the module.


vlog Message # 2878:
If an interface class extends more than one base interface class
and there are multiple visible definitions for a given name, the
extending class must define the name.


vlog Message # 2879:
Tasks cannot be called in final procedure.
Non-blocking task calls are allowed in final procedures
without -pedanticerrors switch.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2880:
Tasks cannot be called in final procedures as per LRM.
The -pedanticerrors switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2881:
A task which has no delay and no DPI task call is allowed to be in a final procedure.
But a task with delay or DPI task call is not allowed in a final procedure.


vlog Message # 2882:
The qualifier 'virtual' is not legal with an interface class.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2883:
Interface class parameters, types, and enum constants are only
accessible using a class select (::) reference.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2884:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2885:
It is illegal for a nested class to extend any class it is contained in:
class outer;
	 class inner extends outer; //inner may not extend outer
	 endclass
endclass


vlog Message # 2886:
The defaults for interface class method formals are required to be
constant expressions.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2887:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2888:
A static method has no access to nonstatic members (class properties
or methods).
Access to non-static members or to the special 'this' handle within
the body of a static method is illegal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - 8.9 Static Methods]


vlog Message # 2889:
Unqualified access to non-static members of a class outside of its class scope
is illegal.
Unqualified access to non-static members of a class is limited to
classes which inherit from it.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - 8.12 Inheritance and Subclasses]


vlog Message # 2890:
Please refer to the IEEE 1800-2009 LRM.


vlog Message # 2891:
The IEEE 1800-2009 LRM section 13.4, 'Functions', states
that a function shall not contain any time-controlled statements.
Note that fork/join_none blocks may be called from a thread
starting in an initial block or an always block.


vlog Message # 2892:
The IEEE 1800-2012 LRM section 23.2.2.3, 'Rules for determining port
kind, data type and direction', requires a net type on non-var and
non-ref ports.  The default net type can be changed using the
`default_nettype compiler directive.  Alternately the port's net type
can be explicitly set using one of the wire types defined in section
A.2.2.1, 'Net and variable types', under the rule 'net_type'.  Also
consider if the port should be a ref port, section 23.2.2.2, or if the
port should be of a variable type.

The following case illustrates this problem:
`default_nettype none
module top(input logic clk); endmodule

This can be changed to:
`default_nettype none
module top(input var logic clk); endmodule

Or:

`default_nettype wire
module top(input logic clk); endmodule

/* Which is the same as: */
module top(input wire logic clk); endmodule

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2893:
The bind mechanism has found an expression type that it does not
support.  Please report this error to support. The tool might accept
an equivalent expression written differently.


vlog Message # 2894:
In previous versions, nested parameterized classes were not fully
supported and required the "-npcbeta" switch.  Full support is now
default and the switch will become unrecognized in a future version.


vlog Message # 2895:
The effort required to create FEC and UDP tables for the expression is greater
than the limit set by the user (or the tool by default). FEC and UDP tables can grow
exponentially for complex expressions and can severely impact performance
and memory footprint. This limit is put in place to keep a watch on the
effort involved while creating these tables and skip expressions that
exceed the limit. This warning is reported whenever an expression, that
would've otherwise been considered for coverage, was ignored only
because a higher effort was required to create its FEC and UDP tables, than
the limit set. Please use command-line option '-fecudpeffort' or modelsim.ini
variable 'FecUdpEffort' to increase this limit. Be aware that increasing this
limit may increase compilation, optimization, and simulation time.


vlog Message # 2896:
The effort required to create FEC and UDP tables for the expression is greater
than the limit set by the user (or the tool by default). FEC and UDP tables can grow
exponentially for complex expressions and can severely impact performance
and memory footprint. This limit is put in place to keep a watch on the
effort involved while creating these tables and skip expressions that
exceed the limit. This warning is reported whenever an expression, that
would've otherwise been considered for coverage, was ignored only
because a higher effort was required to create its FEC and UDP tables, than
the limit set. Please use command-line option '-fecudpeffort' or modelsim.ini
variable 'FecUdpEffort' to increase this limit. Be aware that increasing this
limit may increase compilation, optimization, and simulation time.


vlog Message # 2897:
The standard syntax for the foreach loop variable list is a comma separated list.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2898:
"References to automatic variables and elements or members of dynamic
variables shall be limited to procedural blocks."
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2011 Verilog LRM - Section 6.21 "Scope and lifetime"]


vlog Message # 2899:
The 1800-2009 LRM specifies in section 22.6 that only a 'text_macro_identifier'
may follow an ifdef, an elseif or an ifndef.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 22.6]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2900:
Localparams requires an initialization as it cannot be assigned by
defparam statements or instance parameter value assignments.
Keep in mind that the parameter keyword is a synonym for the localparam
keyword within generate blocks, packages, class bodies, and
compilation-unit scopes.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Section 6.20.4]


vlog Message # 2901:
This message is issued when path specified in assertion control task
is not found. This message can be suppressed.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2902:
A conditional compilation construct was found on the same line as a
macro definition.  This can lead to non-portable SV code.  The
1800-2009 SV LRM implies in section 22.6 that the conditional
compilation constructs operate on lines of SV code rather than
characters immediately following the `ifdef constructs on the same
line.

Similarly in section 22.5.1, the body of any `define shall be all arbitrary
text until the end of the line.  This warning arises for SV code such as:

    `ifndef A `define B c `endif

According to a strict 2009 LRM interpretation the `endif should be
considered part of the macro's text body.  That is to say that the
`endif does not complete the `ifndef found at the start of the line.
To avoid such amgiguity this should be coded in the following manner:

   `ifndef A
      `define B c
   `endif

This message can be suppressed, but when suppressed the behavior of
the composition of these two preprocessor constructs on the same line
is ambiguous.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2903:
Please refer to the IEEE 1800-2009 LRM section 18.5 "Constraint
blocks." Constraint expression syntax allows for a constraint set to
be a constraint expression. Constraint expressions are not general
SystemVerilog expressions as described in section A.8 of the
grammar. Constraint expressions may contain a distribution.  A
distribution may not be immediately enclosed with parenthesis, but it
can be enclosed with curly-braces.  For example:

    constraint c1 {
      e1 -> {b dist {0:/10, 1:=2};}  // OK, curly braces
      e2 -> (b dist {0:/10, 1:=2});  // NOT OK, parenthesis not legal
      e3 -> (b inside {1'b0, 1'b1}); // OK, parenthesis around 'inside'
    }

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2904:
Currently specify paths to/from ports of type wreal are not supported.


vlog Message # 2905:
If formal is of class type then the actual must be assignable to the formal.


vlog Message # 2906:
The SystemVerilog preprocessor's line directive requires a parameter
named level.  The value of this parameter can be 0, 1 or 2.  When this
parameter's value is 2 then the LRM indicates that the preprocessor
has just exited an include file.  A mismatch between opening and
closing line directives triggers this error.  An example which will
trigger this error:

   `line 66 "test.sv"    0
   `line 3  "include.sv" 1
   `line 67 "bogus.sv"   2

In this example, the first directive specifies that the current file
name is "test.sv".  The second directive indicates that an include
file has just been entered starting at line 3.  The third causes an
error because it states that we are now exiting the include file
named "include.sv" and will continue to read the file where we left
off, which should be named "test.sv".

The following should read without error:

   `line 66 "test.sv"    0
   `line 3  "include.sv" 1
   `line 67 "test.sv"    2


vlog Message # 2907:
In order to deal with potentially unbounded recursive parameterization,
this implementation limits the depth of parameterization.


vlog Message # 2908:
Ref ports of type class handle are not supported in constructors of covergroups.
Such ports are treated as input ports.


vlog Message # 2909:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 8.19 "Virtual Methods"]


vlog Message # 2910:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 8.19 "Virtual Methods"]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2911:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 8.19 "Virtual Methods"]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2912:
The specified port cannot be connected by name because it does not
exist.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2913:
It is not advisable to call virtual functions/tasks of the same class
in the class constructor as the object is not created yet. This type of
call may result in unpredictable results.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2914:
Check the referred expression that may give unpredictable result.


vlog Message # 2915:
Check the referred covergroup with or set expressions.


vlog Message # 2916:
The compiler is unable to use SystemVerilog 1800 2012 keywords for one
or more reasons.  Check to see that the command line does not
explicitly specify an older version of Verilog.  Also verify that
source file extensions imply SystemVerilog (i.e.: .sv) if the
SystemVerilog switch (-sv) has not been used.


vlog Message # 2917:
The options like +initreg/+noinitreg/+initmem/+noinitmem cannot be applied
to hierarchy within a nested module/program/interface scope. The option is
ignored.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog/vopt command]


vlog Message # 2918:
IEEE Std 1800 does not specify an interface self reference or interface::self() as legal syntax
for referring to the instance itself.
The -pedanticerrors switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2919:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2920:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2921:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 18.4 Random Variables for supported data types.


vlog Message # 2922:
randc variables are not allowed in this kind of constraints.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 18.5]


vlog Message # 2923:
For more information on constraint blocks, please refer to:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 18.5 Constraint blocks]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2924:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2925:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2926:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2927:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2928:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2929:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2930:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2931:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2932:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2933:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2934:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2935:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2936:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2937:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 18.5.11 "Functions in Constraints"]


vlog Message # 2938:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2939:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2940:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 BNF.


vlog Message # 2941:
A compiler error shall be issued if the specified variable does not exist
within the class hierarchy or it exists but is not declared as rand or
randc.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 18.8]


vlog Message # 2942:
The constraint_mode() method is built-in and cannot be overridden.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 18.9]


vlog Message # 2943:
The prototypes for these built-in functions are:
function void pre_randomize();
function void post_randomize();
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 18.6.2]


vlog Message # 2944:
LRM allows function calls in the constraint expressions, but there are
some restrictions on these function calls. Refer to LRM for details
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 18.5.11 Functions in Constraints


vlog Message # 2945:
This error is generated with -pedanticerrors option.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2946:
Refer to IEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM.


vlog Message # 2947:
Refer to IEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM.


vlog Message # 2948:
Refer to IEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM.


vlog Message # 2949:
Refer to IEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM.


vlog Message # 2950:
Refer to IEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM.


vlog Message # 2951:
Use '==' in constraint expression instead of '='.


vlog Message # 2952:
No 'randc' variables shall appear in uniqueness constraints.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 18.5.5 Uniqueness Constraints]


vlog Message # 2953:
The 'static' qualifier may only be used when declaring a task or a
function within a class body. An out-of-block task or function
declaration may have a prototype within the class body that contains
the 'static' qualifier. A task or function with a 'static' prototype
will be static even though the out-of-block definition does not use
the 'static' keyword.  Please see IEEE 1800-2012 section 8.24. An
example exists in section 8.25.1.  This message may be promoted to an
error. If this message is not an error then the 'static' qualifier
will be ignored.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2954:
Only a scalar variable of integral type or an unpacked array variable whose
leaf element type is integral, or a slice of such a variable can be specified
for uniqueness constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 18.5.5 Uniqueness Constraints]


vlog Message # 2955:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2956:
A constraint_set of the form '{expression};' is different from one of the form '{expression;}'.
Putting a ';' after the '{}' causes a different interpretation. '{expression};' represents
a concatenation expression. For example, in 'if (a) {};', the '{}' is an empty queue which is
type converted to the boolean value FALSE. In 'if (a) {}', the '{}' is an empty constraint_set
and is equivalent to the boolean value TRUE.


vlog Message # 2957:
This is a suppressible error for writing outside the bounds of a net array.
Note that reading from the out-of-bounds elements may result in
unpredictable values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2958:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2959:
Free variables are not assigned values based on assumptions.
They are assigned values based on assignments only.


vlog Message # 2960:
A streaming_concatenation shall be used either as the target of an assignment,
or as the source of an assignment, or as the operand of a bit-stream cast,
or as a stream_expression in another streaming_concatenation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 11.4.14 Streaming operators (pack/unpack)]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2961:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 2962:
A macro name follows the naming rules for normal SystemVerilog identifiers.
Some non-compliant names or numbers are allowed by this implementation.
Note that the -pedanticerrors switch disables this
extension.


vlog Message # 2963:
A macro name follows the naming rules for normal SystemVerilog identifiers.
Some non-compliant names or numbers are allowed by this implementation.
Note that the -pedanticerrors switch disables this
extension.


vlog Message # 2964:
Only variable and literal expressions are supported as instance parameters when
the bind statement is elaborated in vsim instead of vopt. This can happen when
either the bind statement is being compiled with -novopt option, or the design-unit
containing bind statement is being loaded together with an optimized top in vsim.
In case of former, please use vopt flow. In case of later, please run vopt on the
design-unit containing the bind statement.


vlog Message # 2965:
Only variable and numeric literal expressions are supported as actual parameters when
the bind statement is elaborated in vsim instead of vopt. This can happen when
either the bind statement is being compiled with -novopt option, or the design-unit
containing bind statement is being loaded together with an optimized top in vsim.
In case of former, please use vopt flow. In case of later, please run vopt on the
design-unit containing the bind statement.


vlog Message # 2966:
Only literal expressions are supported as indices in a bind target hierarchical reference when
the bind statement is elaborated in vsim instead of vopt. This can happen when
either the bind statement is being compiled with -novopt option, or the design-unit
containing bind statement is being loaded together with an optimized top in vsim.
In case of former, please use vopt flow. In case of later, please run vopt on the
design-unit containing the bind statement.


vlog Message # 2967:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2968:
This error message may be suppressed.  When this happens the uwire net
type is considered to be a standard wire net type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2969:
Tasks with delay cannot be called in action block.
of final deferred assertions. The action block of final
deferred assertion executes in postponed region. As per LRM,
tasks that have delay cannot be executed in postponed region.


vlog Message # 2970:
Array lengths must match.


vlog Message # 2971:
Assigning one array to another requires that the element type of the
right hand side array be assignment compatible with the left hand side
array.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2972:
Assigning one array to another requires that the element type of the
right hand side array be assignment compatible with the left hand side
array. For strict LRM compliance, derived classes are not equivalent
with their base classes.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2973:
A matching type by the same name was imported into this scope.
Please consider using a different identifier, or remove the
extraneous type definition.

The actual type definition of a forward typedef declaration shall be
resolved within the same local scope or generate block
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 6.18 User-defined types]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2974:
This message will be issued when there is some internal problem.


vlog Message # 2975:
$inferred_clock and $inferred_disable cannot be used anywhere.
except as default arguments in the decalaration of properties,
sequences and checkers.


vlog Message # 2976:
If $inferred_clock is used as default argument for a sequence with
a method call (triggered or matched), it is not supported. It will be
supported some time in future.


vlog Message # 2977:
If $inferred_clock is used as default argument for a sequence, property
or a checker and corresponding argument is not supplied, then a clock should
be inferrable at the instantion point of sequence, property or the checker.
If no clock can be inferred, the error is issued and the user should provide an
explicit clock event expression at the instantiation point.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2978:
If $inferred_clock is used as default argument for a sequence, property
or a checker, the formal corresponding to that must have either event type
or no type.


vlog Message # 2979:
This message is issued when either the psl file syntax does not match with
the compiler version or the type of compiler invoked for the psl file is
incorrect. Please check the command line options to make sure correct type
(Verilog or VHDL) is specified while specifying the psl file.


vlog Message # 2980:
The IEEE 1800-2012 LRM allows streaming concatenation syntax of the following form:
   streaming_concatenation ::= { stream_operator [ slice_size ] stream_concatenation }


vlog Message # 2981:
The optimiser has created a new specialisation of the class.


vlog Message # 2982:
The optimiser was not able to construct a fast specialisation for this
set of class parameter bindings.


vlog Message # 2983:
When running with -xclassStrict every specialisation of a parameterised class must
map to an optimised class specialisation. Not such specialisation was located for
this instance.


vlog Message # 2984:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2985:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2986:
A hierarchical reference is not a legal constant primary.  As a result,
no constant expression may use a hierarchical reference.  Constant
expressions are required in contexts such as generate loop contexts, parameter
overrides, part select widths, and wire and variable sizes.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2987:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2988:
IEEE 1800-2005 replaced the Accellera "$typeof" system function with the
"type" operator.  For compatibility with the IEEE standards, all
uses of $typeof should be replaced.


vlog Message # 2989:
If a formal has $inferred_clock as default argument, and no actual argument is specified
then that formal can be used only in the clock expressions.


vlog Message # 2990:
Does the operator require that the operand be of a packed type?


vlog Message # 2991:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 2992:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2993:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2994:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2995:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2996:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2997:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 2998:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 2999:
Width of enum literal must match with the enum's declaration width.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3000:
The -t option specifies the simulation time resolution.
The format is:  -t [<multiplier>]<time_unit>
The multiplier can be 1, 10, or 100.
The time_unit must be one of the following: fs, ps, ns, us, ms, sec.
There must be no space between the multiplier and the time_unit.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3001:
Each PLI/VPI shared library must contain one of the following entry points:
  a veriusertfs table
  an init_usertfs function
  a vlog_startup_routines table
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3002:
The loading of a shared library can fail for a variety of reasons.
There should be an additional message from the loader indicating the
problem. Verify that the full path to the shared library is correct
and that the shared library is marked as readable. On Solaris, you
might need to set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable. Also, if
the specification of the shared library contains a reference to an
environment variable, make sure the environment variable has a value.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3003:
The specified system task or function was not registered with the
simulator through a call to init_usertfs() or through a veriusertfs
or vlog_startup_routines table. Verify that the shared library
containing the definition and registration of the system task/function
is being correctly loaded into the simulator. This message is controlled
by the vsim option +nowarnTOFD.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3004:
While performing the negative timing constraint algorithm on each module
that contains timing checks with delayed net arguments, a timing check
with a negative adjusted setup or hold limit was encountered. The
negative timing constraint algorithm attempts to find a set of delays
for the timing check delayed net arguments such that all negative limits
can be converted to non-negative limits with respect to the delayed nets.
If there is no solution for a set of limits, then the algorithm sets one
of the negative limits to zero and recalculates the delays. This process
is repeated until a solution is found. A warning message is issued for
each negative limit that is set to zero. This warning is controlled by
the vsim option +ntc_warn.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3005:
An unrecoverable error was encountered while QuestaSim was loading or
closing a design, restarting, or shutting down.


vsim Message # 3006:
Too many parameters were specified for a module instance.
Here is an example of code that will cause this warning to occur:

  module top;
    b #(1,2) u1(y, a, b, c);
  endmodule

  module b(y, a, b, c);
    output y;
    input a, b, c;
    parameter p = 0;
    c u1();
    initial $display("b=%d",p);
  endmodule

  module c;
    parameter p = 0;
    initial $display("c=%d",p);
  endmodule

Note that module b contains only one parameter. The extra parameter in
the module instantiation statement is illegal.

You can also get this message if you attempt to override a localparameter
(which is illegal) with an ordered parameter list. For example:

module a;
   parameter  a = 1;
   localparam c = 3;
   parameter  b = 2;
endmodule

module top;
   a #(4, 5, 6) u1();
endmodule

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3007:
Too many levels of defparams were detected. The limit is specified in
the message. Check parameter assignments for a circular dependency.
Here is a simple example of something that causes this warning:

  parameter a = 5;
  parameter b = a + 1;
  defparam a = b;

The defparam causes a to change, which then causes b to change. When b
changes, the defparam re-executes and causes a to change, which causes
b to change. This continues until the limit is reached.

Since this is only a warning, elaboration continues. Each parameter
involved in the iteration will contain the last value set on it
before the simulator gave up because the iteration limit was exceeded.
Your design may not simulate as expected. Find the circular dependency,
if one exists, or look for a place where more than the specified limit
of defparams occurs and change your code so that there is no circular
dependency and the depth of defparams fits within the limit.


vsim Message # 3008:
While looking up an object by name, an upward reference through a higher
level of hierarchy was found instead of the expected downward reference
through an instance at the current level of hierarchy. Here is an example
of code that causes this warning to occur:

  module lower;
  endmodule

  module mid;
    reg x;
    lower u2 ();
    initial begin
      x = 0;
      #20 x = 1;
      #20 x = 0;
      #20 $finish;
    end
  endmodule

  module top;
    wire x;
    mid u1 ();
    assign x = u1.u2.u1.x;
    initial $monitor( $stime,, x,, u1.x);
  endmodule

While trying to resolve the reference to u1.u2.u1.x, the compiler determines
that the second u1 resolves to the module 'mid', which is an unexpected
upward reference.
This warning is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnCNNODP.


vsim Message # 3009:
A module without a `timescale directive in effect, and without
explicit timeunit and timeprecision declarations, uses the
simulator resolution limit for both its time unit and time
precision. This may result in incorrect delays and unintentional
behavior in the module. Beware of simulator performance impact,
and consider using the vlog -timescale or vopt -timescale options
as a workaround. This message can be downgraded to a warning with
-warning 3009, suppressed with -suppress 3009, or suppressed
with +nowarnTSCALE.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3010:
A module without a `timescale directive in effect, and without
explicit timeunit and timeprecision declarations, uses the
simulator resolution limit for both its time unit and time
precision. This may result in incorrect delays and unintentional
behavior in the module. Beware of simulator performance impact,
and consider using the vlog -timescale or vopt -timescale options
as a workaround. This message can be downgraded to a warning with
-warning 3010, suppressed with -suppress 3010, or suppressed
with +nowarnTSCALE.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3011:
The Verilog bidirectional pass switch primitives (tran, tranif0,
tranif1, rtran, rtranif0, and rtranif1) are not guaranteed to function
properly if a VHDL signal is connected to a Verilog port that is also
connected to a bidirectional pass switch. In this case, the pass switch
works only if it is driven in only one direction and only if the signal
originates in VHDL.  The specification of how VHDL signals and ports are
resolved precludes simulation of bidirectional pass switches.
(They cannot be modeled in VHDL.)


vsim Message # 3012:
A defparam statement cannot be used to define the value of a specparam.


vsim Message # 3013:
Local parameters cannot be modified with a defparam statement or by an
ordered or named parameter value assignment. Local parameters can be
assigned to a constant expression containing a parameter, which itself
can be modified with the defparam statement or by an ordered or named
parameter value assignment.  Parameters defined within a package, $unit,
or generate construct are treated as local parameters.


vsim Message # 3014:
Verilog module ports can be declared such that two or more ports share
the same internal net, having the effect of shorting the externally
connected nets. A VHDL signal connected to a Verilog "shorted" port
is not guaranteed to function properly. The specification of how VHDL
signals and ports are resolved precludes simulation of shorted ports.
(They cannot be modeled in VHDL.)


vsim Message # 3015:
The size in bits of an object connected to a port must match the size
in bits of the port. Here is an example of code that causes this warning to occur:

  module bottom(i1, o1);
    input  i1;
    output o1;
    wire [0:4] i1;
    wire [0:4] o1;
    assign o1 = i1;
  endmodule

  module top;
    reg  [4:0] r1;
    wire [1:0] w1;
    bottom b1 (r1,w1);
    initial begin
      $monitor("w1 = %b", w1);
      #10 r1 = 'b00000;
      #10 r1 = 'b00011;
      #10 r1 = 'b00001;
    end
  endmodule

Note that port 'o1' is 5 bits wide whereas wire 'w1' is only 2 bits wide.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnPCDPC.


vsim Message # 3016:
The type of the specified object in a module instantiation port list is
incompatible with the type of the port to which it is being connected.
This can happen when ports are collapsed and, for example, a tri0 net
ends up collapsed onto a tri1 net.


vsim Message # 3017:
A module instantiation contains fewer objects in its port list than the
actual module has defined in its port list; therefore, one or more ports
in the module will be unconnected. If all named ports appear to be
accounted for, check for extra commas in the module port list that
cause the definition of null ports. Here is an example of code that
causes this warning to occur:

  module b1(p1,,);
    input p1;
    initial begin
      #10 $displayb("%m",,p1);
    end
  endmodule

  module top;
    reg r1;
    b1 u1(r1);
    initial r1 = 0;
  endmodule

Note that three port connections are expected because there are two
commas in the module's port list.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vsim Message # 3018:
The object connected to a UDP terminal at the specified connection point
in the terminal list of an array of UDP instances must be either one bit
wide (so that the terminal in each UDP instance is connected to the same
bit) or of a width equal to the number of UDP instances (so that the
terminal in each instance is connected to a different bit).


vsim Message # 3019:
Too many delay parameters were provided to a UDP instance.


vsim Message # 3020:
When the second argument to $deposit is wider than the first argument
the upper bits of the value of the second are ignored.


vsim Message # 3021:
$printtimescale can be specified with or without an argument. When no
argument is specified, $printtimescale displays the time unit and
precision of the module that is the current scope. When an argument is
specified, the argument must be a hierarchical identifier of a module
and $printtimescale displays the time unit and precision of that module.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3022:
The units_number (1st) argument to $timeformat must be an integer in the
range 0 to -15 inclusive. This argument represents a time unit. For
example, -9 represents '1 ns'.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3023:
The precision_number (2nd) argument to $timeformat must be an integer in
the range 0 to 15 inclusive. This argument controls the number of digits
of a time value printed after the decimal point.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3024:
The suffix_string (3rd) argument to $timeformat must be non-NULL. It can
be an empty string. It is normally used to specify the type of time units;
for example, " ns".

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3025:
The field_width (4th) argument to $timeformat must be an integer in the
range 0 to 40 inclusive. This value controls the minimum field width for
all %t formats.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3026:
No files have been opened with $dumpports(), therefore there are no
files to which the limit can be applied.


vsim Message # 3027:
The $sdf_annotate configuration file argument is not supported in
QuestaSim. This argument is ignored and can be left null in order to
use succeeding arguments.


vsim Message # 3028:
The $sdf_annotate log file argument is not supported in QuestaSim.
This argument is ignored and can be left null in order to use
succeeding arguments.


vsim Message # 3029:
While creating an instance of a system function, it was found that a
system task of that name was registered either through the PLI or as
a built-in systf. This is an error because the HDL code will expect
the system function to return a value, but the actual system task
that was registered will not do so. If you wish to use the system
task here, you should remove the return value.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3030:
A NULL value was passed as the specified argument to the specified PLI
function that requires a non-NULL value for this argument.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - PLI Sections 17-21]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3031:
An invalid value was passed as the specified argument to the specified
PLI function.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - PLI Sections 17-21]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3032:
While creating a setuphold or recrem timing check, a width difference
was detected between the reference event and the delayed reference or
the data event and the delayed data.


vsim Message # 3033:
The specified design unit could not be found for instantiation. If the
specified design unit does not contain a library indication then this
message should be followed by a list of libraries that were searched
when trying to locate a matching design unit.


vsim Message # 3034:
The compiled version of the specified design unit does not match what
was originally compiled with -fast for this instantiation.


vsim Message # 3035:
This warning occurs when the level of an instantiation reaches a certain
depth. It indicates that the instantiation might be recursive. A further
attempt is made to complete the instantiation. If the maximum depth
is reached then an elaboration error is generated.


vsim Message # 3036:
Instantiation of the specified design unit reached the maximum
allowable level; therefore, the instantiation has been aborted.
Check the specified area of the design for recursive instantiation.


vsim Message # 3037:
An instance name was not supplied in an instantiation of the specified module.


vsim Message # 3038:
The specified index of the range of the specified array of instances was
modified after the instantiation of the array of instances. This can
occur if the instantiated module uses a defparam to modify a parameter
that is used in indexing an array of instances of that module.


vsim Message # 3039:
Instantiation of the specified design unit failed either due to
licensing or due to not being able to load package Standard (VHDL).


vsim Message # 3040:
A -g/-G generic/parameter specified on the vsim command line was not
found in the design being simulated; or a generic/parameter set via
the foreign interface was not found in the region being loaded;
or a parameter in an instantiation of a VHDL design unit doesn't exist.
Verify that the generic/parameter name is spelled correctly and that
the generic/parameter exists at the expected location in the design.
It may be necessary to add -floatparameters to the vopt command line to
preserve visibility of the generic/parameter from vsim.


vsim Message # 3041:
A non-numeric index was detected in a reference to the specified
instance array.


vsim Message # 3042:
An index outside of the range of the specified instance array was
detected in a reference to the instance array.


vsim Message # 3043:
The specified name in a simple or hierarchical reference cannot be found
as an instance or object in the design.
If the reference is a VHDL external name or is otherwise a hierarchical
reference into a VHDL scope, a common possible reason the name cannot be
found is that the name denotes a PROCESS statement label or a subprogram
name; such external names are illegal in the VHDL language (see message
#8868 as well).  Another possible reason the name cannot be found is
that a pathname element denotes an instance that has not yet been
elaborated.  In particular, an alias that denotes an external name
cannot be declared in the declarative region in which an instance being
referenced occurs.


vsim Message # 3044:
The specified object name was used in a place where the type of that
object is not allowed. For example, using the hierarchical name of a
1-bit register as an index into a multi-bit net would produce this message.


vsim Message # 3045:
Not enough arguments are being passed to the specified task or function.


vsim Message # 3046:
Too many arguments are being passed to the specified task or function.


vsim Message # 3047:
An output or inout argument of a task must be an expression that is
valid on the left-hand side of a procedural assignment.


vsim Message # 3048:
The starting bound of an indexed part-select is out of range of the
declared bounds of the specified object.


vsim Message # 3049:
The ending bound of an indexed part-select is out of range of the
declared bounds of the specified object.


vsim Message # 3050:
The value being supplied to the specified parameter from a -g/-G
specification is invalid for that parameter.


vsim Message # 3051:
This message can be produced because of the association of a VHDL
array-type generic (whose elements are not an enumerated type) with a
Verilog real-type parameter, which is not allowed. It can also be
produced if a VHDL generic of an unsupported type (such as record,
access, or file) is associated with a Verilog parameter.


vsim Message # 3052:
A VHDL array-type generic contains more bits than the Verilog parameter
to which it is being associated.


vsim Message # 3053:
An out or inout port is connected to something that is not a net. This
error can occur if a constant, register, literal, or some other expression that
cannot be driven is connected to an out or inout port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 12.3.6 Connecting dissimilar ports,
12.3.7 Port connection rules]

In system verilog,this error can occur if an inout port is connected to something that is
not a net, like  if a register ,literal or some other expression that cannot be driven is
connected to inout port. It can also arise if an illegal lvalue (constant) is connected to
an out or inout port

If suppressed, the port (out / inout) will not be connected.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3054:
The object connected to a port at the specified connection point in the
port list of an array of instances must be either one bit wide (so that
the port in each instance is connected to the same bit) or of a width
equal to the number of instances (so that the port in each instance is
connected to a different bit).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3055:
The connected VHDL signal is not one of the supported types for
connecting to a Verilog port. The supported types are bit, bit_vector,
std_ulogic, std_logic, std_ulogic_vector, std_logic_vector, vl_ulogic,
vl_logic, vl_ulogic_vector, and vl_logic_vector.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3056:
When instantiated from VHDL, a Verilog port must be connected to a VHDL
signal or left open. It cannot be connected to a VHDL value.


vsim Message # 3057:
A VHDL scalar signal can be connected to a Verilog port only if the
Verilog port is a scalar. A VHDL array signal can be connected to a
Verilog port only if the Verilog port is a vector.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3058:
When a Verilog vector port is connected to a VHDL array, the array
length of the VHDL array and the width of the Verilog port must be the
same.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3059:
A VHDL scalar signal can be connected to a Verilog port only if the
Verilog port is a scalar. A VHDL array signal can be connected to a
Verilog port only if the Verilog port is a vector.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3060:
In a mixed language instantiation, the specified Verilog port could
not be found in the associated VHDL entity. Verify that the correct
VHDL/Verilog connection is being made and that extended identifiers
are being used if necessary.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3061:
Too many Verilog ports were specified in a mixed VHDL/Verilog
instantiation. Verify that the correct VHDL/Verilog connection is
being made and that the number of ports matches.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3062:
All ports in a Verilog module that is being instantiated from VHDL must
be named. (An unnamed port is created when one comma in a port list
follows another comma with no intervening text.)
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3063:
The specified VHDL port cannot be found by that name in the Verilog
module to which it is being connected. Verify that the correct
VHDL/Verilog connection is being made and that extended identifiers
are being used if necessary.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3064:
This message is notification that the internal string buffer has
wrapped to the beginning.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 18.9 String handling]


vsim Message # 3065:
The output of a UDP is connected to something other than a net. An
object connected to the output of a UDP must be something that can be
driven, therefore an object like a register or a constant is illegal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 12.3.7 Port connection rules]


vsim Message # 3066:
The number of bits in the actual port(s) at the specified port
connection does not equal the number of bits for the associated port
of the instance or instance array.


vsim Message # 3067:
All modules instantiated within or below a non-debug module must be
compiled with the -nodebug option.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Source code security and -nodebug Section]


vsim Message # 3068:
An invalid argument is being passed to the specified system task or function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3069:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is invalid.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3070:
Too many arguments are being passed to the specified system task or function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3071:
Not enough arguments are being passed to the specified system task or function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3072:
Arguments are being passed to the specified system task or function
that takes no arguments.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3073:
The wrong number of arguments are being passed to the specified system
task or function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3074:
The first argument to $deposit must be a net or a register.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3075:
The second argument to $deposit must be a literal value or a register.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3076:
If the width of the value of the second argument to $deposit is narrower
than the width of the first argument (or one is of type real and the
other is not) then this $deposit call is ignored.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3077:
The specified function takes only one argument that is an object of type
real.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3078:
$getpattern can be used only in a continuous assignment statement where
the left-hand side is a concatenation of scalar nets.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3079:
The width of the argument to $getpattern must be the same as the width
of the object(s) on the left-hand side of the assignment statement.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3080:
An invalid format specifier was detected in the first argument to a call
to $value$plusargs. The valid format specifiers are:
  b, B, d, D, e, E, f, F, g, G, h, H, o, O, s, S, x, X.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3081:
The first argument to $value$plusargs must be a string that is used
both for locating the plusarg and for formatting the value.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3082:
The second argument to $value$plusargs must be a modifiable variable
object capable of receiving a value formatted according to the format
specifier in the first argument.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3083:
An attempt was made to write to a read-only file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3084:
The specified argument to the specified system task/function must be a
valid file descriptor. (The left-most bit of the file descriptor must be
set.)

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3085:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is not
recognized as an open file descriptor.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3086:
The third argument to $fseek() specifies how to set the position of the
next input or output operation on the file. This value must be one of
the following:
  0 - set position equal to offset bytes
  1 - set position to current location plus offset
  2 - set position to EOF plus offset

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3087:
An unexpected format character was encountered in a formatted string
argument to the specified system task or function.
Valid format characters are:
  b, B, c, C, d, D, e, E, f, F, g, G, h, H, m, M,
  o, O, s, S, t, T, u, U, v, V, x, X, z, Z, %

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3088:
An unexpected file mode was passed to the specified system task or
function. Valid file modes are:
  a, a+, a+b, ab, ab+, r, r+, r+b, rb, rb+, w, w+, w+b, wb, wb+

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3089:
The memory (1st) argument to the specified PLA system task must have an
ascending range.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3090:
The number of PLA inputs listed in the second argument to the specified
PLA system task must be less than or equal to the size of the memory word.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3091:
The number of PLA outputs listed in the third argument to the specified
PLA system task must be less than or equal to the number of memory words.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3092:
The start (2nd) argument of the specified system function must be less
than the end (3rd) argument.  The start value will be returned as output.


vsim Message # 3093:
The mean argument to the specified system function must be greater than
zero. It is an integer input that causes the average value returned by
the function to approach the value specified.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3094:
The degree of freedom argument to the specified system function must be
greater than zero. It is an integer input that helps determine the shape
of the density function. Larger numbers will spread the returned values
over a wider range.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3095:
The k_stage argument to the specified system function must be greater
than zero.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3096:
The first argument to $countdrivers must be a scalar net or a bit-select
of a vector net.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3097:
The specified argument to $countdrivers must be an integer object into
which a value can be written.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3098:
The specified argument to the specified system task must be a memory
object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3099:
The first argument to $sdf_annotate must be a filename represented as a
character string literal or a reg containing a character string naming
the file to be opened.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3100:
The optional second argument to $sdf_annotate, if specified, must
specify the scope to which to annotate the information in the SDF file.
The SDF annotator uses the hierarchy level of the specified instance for
running the annotation. Array indices are permitted. If the module
instance is not specified, the SDF Annotator uses the module containing
the call to the $sdf_annotate system task as the module instance for
annotation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3101:
The optional third argument to $sdf_annotate, if specified, must be a
character string that  provides the name of a configuration file.
Information in this file can be used to provide detailed control over
many aspects of annotation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3102:
The optional fourth argument to $sdf_annotate, if specified, must be a
character string that provides the name of the log file used during SDF
annotation. Each individual annotation of timing data from the SDF file
results in an entry in the log file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3103:
The optional fifth argument to $sdf_annotate, if specified, must be a
character string specifying which member of the min/typ/max triples will
be annotated. The legal values for this string are: MINIMUM, TYPICAL,
MAXIMUM, TOOL_CONTROL (default). This overrides any MTM_SPEC keywords
in the configuration file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3104:
The optional sixth argument to $sdf_annotate, if specified, must be a
character string specifying the non-negative scale factors to be used
while annotating timing values. For example, "1.6:1.4:1.2" causes
minimum values to be multiplied by 1.6, typical values by 1.4, and
maximum values by 1.2. The default values are 1.0:1.0:1.0. The scale
factors argument overrides any SCALE_FACTORS keywords in the
configuration file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3105:
The optional seventh argument to $sdf_annotate, if specified, must be a
character string specifying how the scale factors should be applied to
the min/typ/max triples. The legal values for this string are:
FROM_MINIMUM, FROM_TYPICAL, FROM_MAXIMUM, FROM_MTM (default). This
overrides any SCALE_TYPE keywords in the configuration file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3106:
The file_pathname argument to the specified system task can be a double
quoted pathname (literal string), a reg type variable, or an expression
that denotes the file pathname.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3107:
A file with the specified name has already been opened and is in use.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3108:
The specified system task requires a filename argument.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3109:
The specified argument to the specified system task must be a filename.
The argument can be a literal string or a variable or expression that
can be interpreted as a string.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3110:
$dumpfile() can be called only once to open a dump file whereas
$fdumpfile() can be called to open any number of dumpfiles.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3111:
The last argument to the specified system task must be a filename.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3112:
$dumplimit() requires only one argument that is a file size. It
specifies the maximum size of the VCD file in bytes. When the size of
the VCD file reaches this number of bytes, the dumping stops and a
comment is inserted into the VCD file indicating that the dump limit
was reached.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3113:
The first n-1 arguments to $dumpports() must be module identifiers.
Only modules are allowed (not variables). If more than one module
identifier is specified, they must be separated by commas. Pathnames
to modules are allowed using the period hierarchy separator. Literal
strings are not allowed for the module identifier. If no module
identifiers are specified, the scope is the module from which
$dumpports() is called.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3114:
An unknown file was passed to one of the $dumpports system tasks. This
message can occur if $dumpportson(), $dumpportsoff(), $dumpportsall(),
or $dumpportsflush() is called without first calling $dumpports() with
the specified filename.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3115:
Dynamic loading of the specified file did not succeed. There might be an
additional message from the loader indicating the problem. Verify that
the full path to the file is correct and that the file is marked as
readable. Also verify that the object file was compiled and linked on
the same type of platform as the QuestaSim that is trying to load it.
"Same type of platform" means not only HP, Solaris, etc., but also
32-bit versus 64-bit. 32-bit QuestaSim can load only 32-bit shared
libraries and 64-bit QuestaSim can load only 64-bit shared libraries.
On Solaris, you might need to set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable.


vsim Message # 3116:
A problem occurred while trying to read symbols from a dynamically
loaded object file. Verify that the object file was compiled and linked
on the same type of platform as the QuestaSim that is trying to load it.
This message might be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


vsim Message # 3117:
The simulator does not contain the information necessary to support
the acc_handle_datapath() function.


vsim Message # 3118:
The checkpoint command requires a filename or a directory argument. If the
argument represents a preexisting directory or is specified with the '-dir'
option, then a checkpoint file named 'vsim.cpt' is created in that directory.


vsim Message # 3119:
A problem occurred when trying to open the GUI checkpoint command file.
The effect is that virtuals will not be saved in the checkpoint file.


vsim Message # 3120:
A problem occurred while copying the GUI checkpoint command file into
the checkpoint file.


vsim Message # 3121:
For the matching ordering operators applied to operands of type
STD_ULOGIC, if either operand is the value '-', an error is reported in
a manner equivalent to execution of the following assertion statement
(see 10.3):
   assert FALSE
      report "STD_LOGIC_1164: '-' operand for matching ordering operator"
      severity ERROR;

[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.2.3 Relational operators]


vsim Message # 3122:
The foreign architecture mentioned does not contain save/restore callbacks.
This means that the state of those foreign architecture will not be
saved in the checkpoint file and can not be restored later.


vsim Message # 3123:
An unrecoverable error occurred during the checkpoint process;
therefore, checkpointing is aborted and no checkpoint file is written.


vsim Message # 3124:
The value ranges of a formal port and the actual to which it is
connected must intersect. For example, a formal port whose value range
is 1 to 5 cannot be connected to an actual signal whose value range is
6 to 10.


vsim Message # 3125:
The file supplied for the checkpoint command could not be removed
to allow it to be over-written.  The error should contain additional
information from the system as to why the failure occurred.


vsim Message # 3126:
The file supplied for the checkpoint command could not be over-written
since it is in use from a currently active "restore".  A different name
for the new checkpoint file must be given.


vsim Message # 3127:
The specified code coverage exclusion file could not be opened for
reading. Verify that the path to the file exists and that the file
permissions allow reading.


vsim Message # 3128:
Parallel simulator does not support $countdrivers() for cross-partition nets.  The
value returned will be the number of drivers contained within the partition
from which $countdrivers was called.


vsim Message # 3129:
The specified value is not a valid line number.


vsim Message # 3130:
A veriusertfs entry does not contain a task/function name. This entry
is ignored. The tfname field of an s_tfcell data structure must contain
a system task/function name in order for the callback functions to be
matched to a system task/function call in Verilog code. See veriuser.h
for a description of the s_tfcell data structure.


vsim Message # 3131:
A NULL region ID was passed to the specified function. The region ID
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3132:
A NULL process ID was passed to the specified function. The process ID
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3133:
A NULL signal ID was passed to the specified function. The signal ID
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3134:
A NULL driver ID was passed to the specified function. The driver ID
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3135:
A NULL type ID was passed to the specified function. The type ID
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3136:
A NULL variable ID was passed to the specified function. The variable ID
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3137:
A NULL function pointer was passed to the specified function. The
function pointer parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3138:
A NULL time pointer was passed to the specified function. The time
pointer parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3139:
A NULL char pointer was passed to the specified function. The char
pointer parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3140:
A NULL name was passed to the specified function. The name parameter
is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3141:
A NULL or empty library name string was passed to mti_LoadRegion().
The library name parameter is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3142:
A NULL or empty design unit name string was passed to mti_LoadRegion().
The design unit name parameter is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3143:
The specified instance name (5th parameter to mti_LoadRegion()) is
already being used in the requested region (4th parameter).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3144:
The specified name (1st parameter to mti_CreateProcess()) is already
being used in the current context.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3145:
The specified priority is invalid. Please see
<install_dir>/modeltech/include/mti.h for valid priority values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3146:
The specified name (1st parameter to mti_CreateProcessWithPriority())
is already being used in the current context.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3147:
A problem occurred when trying to restore the requested process. This
can occur if the name passed to mti_RestoreProcess() does not match the
name used when the process was originally created. It can also occur if
internal data for the process is missing.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_RestoreProcess()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3148:
An invalid force type was passed to mti_ForceSignal(). Please see
<install_dir>/modeltech/include/mti.h for the valid force types.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3149:
The specified problem occurred during the actual forcing or releasing of
the signal.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3150:
mti_GetArrayVarValue() or mti_GetVarValueIndirect() cannot be used to get
the value of a record variable.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_GetArrayVarValue()
or mti_GetVarValueIndirect()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3151:
mti_GetVarAddr() cannot be used to get the address of a record variable.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_GetVarAddr()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3152:
mti_SetVarValue() cannot be used to set the value of a record variable.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_SetVarValue()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3153:
A NULL value pointer was passed to mti_Image(). The value pointer
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_Image()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3154:
A NULL function pointer was passed to the specified function.
The function pointer parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3155:
The FLI is not available in the PE version of the product.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3156:
A NULL command was passed to mti_SetCmdIntercepts(). The command
parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_SetCmdIntercepts()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3157:
An invalid command was passed to mti_SetCmdIntercepts().
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_SetCmdIntercepts()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3158:
A NULL section name was passed to mti_FindProjectEntry(). The section
name parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_FindProjectEntry()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3159:
The specified foreign initialization function could not be found in the
specified object file. Verify that the initialization function name is
spelled correctly and that this object file is supposed to contain this
function.


vsim Message # 3160:
An error occurred when trying to load the specified object file. Verify
that the object file exists and that you have read permission. Also, if
the foreign attribute that refers to the object file contains a reference
to an environment variable, make sure the environment variable has a value.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - Using the VHDL FLI Section]


vsim Message # 3161:
A foreign attribute must contain the name of an initialization function
and the name of a shared library.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]


vsim Message # 3162:
A foreign attribute must contain the name of an initialization function
and the name of one shared library. Optional parameters can follow a
semi-colon (;).
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]


vsim Message # 3163:
The user interface force command uses the semantics of Verilog where
a wire is global to the design, while the VHDL force statement uses the
semantics of VHDL where a port is a signal local to its position in the
design hierarchy.


vsim Message # 3164:
A NULL signal name was passed to mti_GetDrivingSignals(). The signal
name parameter is required.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_GetDrivingSignals()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3165:
An invalid signal name was passed to mti_GetDrivingSignals(). Verify
that the signal name is spelled correctly and that the signal exists in
the design.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3166:
The specified object file was loaded more than once. Verify that this
was intentional because the behavior of global data structures could be
not as expected.


vsim Message # 3167:
The LMC_HOME environment variable must be set to the root of the
SmartModel Library installation directory when using the vsim option -lmc.


vsim Message # 3168:
A problem occurred while trying to find the specified symbol in a
dynamically loaded object file.


vsim Message # 3169:
Changed package bodies are not automatically reloaded because all
generated code that depends upon a package uses type and constant
information directly out of the package body as part of the generated
code. Reloading a package body would corrupt all generated code that
uses the package body; therefore, the entire design must be reloaded.


vsim Message # 3170:
The specified design unit could not be found for loading. Verify that
the design unit has been compiled into the correct library and that the
library is mapped correctly. (Check the modelsim.ini file.) The vlib
command creates QuestaSim libraries and the vmap command maps them.


vsim Message # 3171:
The compiled machine code for the specified design unit could not be
found for loading. Verify that the design unit has been compiled into
the correct library and that the library is mapped correctly. (Check the
modelsim.ini file.) The vlib command creates QuestaSim libraries and the
vmap command maps them.


vsim Message # 3172:
Once a module is optimized its parameters become frozen.  If the current
design being loaded attempts to instantiate that module with a different
set of parameters, it will fail.  The module must be reoptimized with
the new set of parameters.


vsim Message # 3173:
No architectures could be found for the specified entity.  Verify that
the entity has been compiled into the correct library, that at least one
architecture of it has been compiled into the (same) library, and that
the library is mapped correctly.  (Use the vmap command to check the
modelsim.ini file.)  The vlib command is used to create a library, and
the vmap command is used to create a logical library name for it.


vsim Message # 3174:
A package that contains certain kinds of declarations like procedures,
functions, or deferred constants requires a package body to complete
its definition.  Verify that the package declaration and its body have
each been compiled into the same, correct library, and that the library
has been mapped correctly.  (Use the vmap command to check the
modelsim.ini file.)  The vlib command is used to create a library, and
the vmap command is used to create a logical library name for it.

If you get this message for the std.STANDARD package, which actually has
no body and does not require one, then the installation has probably
been corrupted.  You may need to uninstall and reinstall QuestaSim.


vsim Message # 3175:
A problem occurred while trying to open the specified file. Verify that
the path exists and that you have write permission in the directory.
The assert file is controlled by either the -assertfile option to vsim
or the AssertFile variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 3176:
The number provided to the step command must be an integer. The usage
of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - step command]


vsim Message # 3177:
The restore command requires a filename or a directory argument. If the
specified argument represents a preexisting directory, then a checkpoint file
named 'vsim.cpt' is expected to be found in that directory.


vsim Message # 3178:
The checkpoint file is either invalid or corrupted. Verify that the
specified file path points to a checkpoint file.
Checkpoint files must be created and used in the same environment.
The same environment means the same hardware platform, the same OS
and patch version, and the same version of any PLI/FLI code loaded
in the simulation.


vsim Message # 3179:
This is not an error, but an unexpected usage. We presume the force
mode would be consistent for a particular signal.


vsim Message # 3180:
When attempting to restore the state of a previous simulation an
unrecoverable problem occurred.  (This is an internal error and should
not normally occur.)


vsim Message # 3181:
The simulator was unable to allocate the required amount of memory in
the required location during a restore operation. Verify that the
restore is being done on the same type of machine that created the
checkpoint file.

** LINUX NOTE **

On certain LINUX versions the restore functionality may occasionally
fail.  This is due to certain memory allocation security
(anti-hacking) feature of LINUX. The following are the known issues and the workarounds:

* Redhat Enterprise release v.3 update3 was the first version to have exec-shield feature.
There are several methods available to disable this feature and to
allow restore to work again.

To turn it off temporarily give the commands:

        sysctl -w kernel.exec-shield=0
    or
        echo 0 > /proc/sys/kernel/exec-shield

Alternatively, to turn it off permanently put this in your
/etc/sysctl.conf file:

    kernel.exec-shield=0

(Note these require administrator or root access.)

To turn the feature off for a single invocation of vsim use the
"setarch" program to invoke vsim, like this:

    setarch i686 vsim [options]...

* SUSE Enterprise Server 10 has a security feature related to address space randomization.

There are several methods available to disable this feature and to
allow restore to work again.

To turn it off temporarily give the commands:

        sysctl -w kernel.randomize_va_space=0
    or
        echo 0 > /proc/sys/kernel/randomize_va_space

Alternatively, to turn it off permanently put this in your
/etc/sysctl.conf file:

    kernel.randomize_va_space=0

(Note these require administrator or root access.)


vsim Message # 3182:
A checkpoint file that was not created during the current session of
vsim cannot be restored with the restore command. Instead, you must quit
vsim and reinvoke it with the -restore option.


vsim Message # 3183:
A checkpoint file must be loaded into the same version of the simulator
that wrote it.


vsim Message # 3184:
A checkpoint file must be restored on the same platform type on which
it was created.


vsim Message # 3185:
The number of bytes logged as written to a checkpoint file does not
match the number of bytes read from the checkpoint file during the
specified restore phase. A mismatch often indicates reading out of
position, because the saves call backs did not match the restore
call backs.


vsim Message # 3186:
Restore of the simulation failed do to a licensing error.


vsim Message # 3187:
The time resolution taken from the checkpoint file is not compatible
with the time resolution with which the simulator was invoked. In order
to restore the checkpoint file, reinvoke the simulator with an appropriate
time resolution.


vsim Message # 3188:
An attempt to open the specified user file that was open when the
checkpoint file was created failed. Verify that the file path is valid
and that file permissions are set for proper access.


vsim Message # 3189:
A user file that was open for write or append and that was not empty
when the checkpoint file was created could not be found or otherwise
opened during the restore operation. The simulator will attempt to
recreate the file in write mode and reposition it to its former position.
The original file contents cannot be restored.


vsim Message # 3190:
There was a problem positioning the specified file to the position where
it was at the time of the checkpoint.


vsim Message # 3191:
There was a problem creating the GUI restore command file. This means
that the GUI might not come up in the same state that it was in when the
checkpoint was created. Verify that the file path exists and that you
have write permission in the directory.


vsim Message # 3192:
The -fast compiled secondary might have been deleted from the library,
or a subsequent compilation of a different module having the same name
might have purged the library of the -fast compiled secondaries for that
module.


vsim Message # 3193:
Dynamic loading of the specified file did not succeed. Verify that the
full path to the file is correct and that the file is marked as readable.
Also verify that the object file was compiled and linked on the same type
of platform as the QuestaSim that is trying to load it.


vsim Message # 3194:
The delay scale specified with the vsim options -sdfmin, -sdftyp, and
-sdfmax must be a real number.
For example:
  vsim -sdfmin@0.5 test11.sdf top

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3195:
An @ symbol was detected in an -sdfmin, -sdftyp, or -sdfmax vsim option
but it was not followed by a delay scale. The delay scale specified with
the vsim options -sdfmin, -sdftyp, and -sdfmax must be a real number.
For example:
  vsim -sdfmin@0.5 test11.sdf top

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3196:
An SDF file specified with an -sdfmin, -sdftyp, or -sdfmax vsim option
could not be found. Verify that the file exists and that you have the
correct permissions to access the file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3197:
Dynamic loading of the specified file did not succeed. Verify that the
full path to the file is correct and that the file is marked as readable.
Also verify that the object file was compiled and linked on the same
type of platform as the vsim that is trying to load it. i.e. A 32-bit vsim
can load only 32-bit shared libraries and a 64-bit vsim can load only 64-bit
shared libraries. On non-Windows platforms you should check that the
LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable is set correctly.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3198:
Unloading of a dynamically loaded shared object did not succeed for the
specified reason.


vsim Message # 3199:
An unexpected error occurred while processing the Load Complete callback
list at the end of the loading phase.


vsim Message # 3200:
An unexpected error occurred while processing the Restore Complete
callback list at the end of the restore phase.


vsim Message # 3201:
The specified Tcl init file could not be opened. Verify that the file
path exists and that you have read permission.


vsim Message # 3202:
The signal connected to the specified port has a type conversion or
conversion function in the port map. This cannot be supported with the
-dumpports functionality.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3203:
When dumping a VHDL VCD file with the -dumpports option, the signal
connected to an INOUT port must be a std_ulogic or vl_ulogic type or
subtype of std_ulogic or vl_ulogic.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3204:
If you are trying to generate a VCD file for a Verilog design and
resimulate it then you have most likely used the wrong vcd commands.
Here are the correct procedures to generate and resimulate a Verilog
design with a VCD file:

  vsim <design>
  vcd dumpports -file <vcd_file> <objects_name>
  run -all
  quit -f
  vsim -vcdstim <vcd_file> <design>
  run -all

Note that the VCD file format created with dumpports is not the correct
format for the -vcdread option.

Here are the correct procedures to generate a VCD file from a VHDL
design that can be resimulated with the -vcdread option:

  vsim <design>
  splitio <design block>
  vcd file -nomap -direction
  vcd add -ports <design_block>/*
  run -all
  quit -sim
  vsim -vcdread dump.vcd <design>
  run -all

[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - splitio, vcd, and vsim commands]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3205:
When using the vsim option -vcdread, the top level design unit must
be a VHDL entity/architecture. When using the vsim option -vcdstim, the
top level design unit must be either a VHDL entity/architecture or a
Verilog module.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3206:
The specified port that appears in the VCD file cannot be found in
the top-level design unit. Verify that the correct VCD file is being
applied to the design.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3207:
If you are trying to generate a VCD file for a VHDL, Verilog, or mixed
HDL design, and resimulate it, then you have most likely used the wrong
vcd commands.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Value Change Dump (VCD) Files Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3208:
The VCD parser encountered the end of the VCD file while it was looking
for a token. Check the VCD file to make sure that its format is valid.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3209:
The VCD parser encountered the specified character instead of the
'$' that it was expecting when attempting to read a VCD command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3210:
An unexpected command was encountered in the VCD file.
The valid commands are:
  $comment    $date      $dumpall  $dumpoff         $dumpon
  $dumpports  $dumpvars  $end      $enddefinitions  $scope
  $timescale  $upscope   $var      $vcdclose        $version

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3211:
The VCD parser encountered the specified character instead of
the numeric digit that it was expecting.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3212:
The VCD parser encountered the specified timescale number instead
of the 1, 10, or 100 that it was expecting. The timescale must be
specified as 1, 10 or 100 followed by a time unit that is one of:
fs, ps, ns, us, ms, or s.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3213:
The VCD parser encountered the specified timescale unit instead
of the valid timescale unit that is was expecting. The timescale
must be specified as 1, 10 or 100 followed by a time unit that is
one of: fs, ps, ns, us, ms, or s.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3214:
The VCD timescale must be greater than or equal to the simulator
time resolution.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3215:
The width of a port in a $var statement must be 1.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3216:
An unexpected command was encountered in the definition section of
the VCD file. The valid commands are:
  $comment  $date     $enddefinitions  $scope  $timescale
  $upscope  $version  $vcdclose        $var

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3217:
A port of type std_logic can have only the following values:
  U, X, 0, 1, Z, W, L, H, -

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3218:
A port of type bit can have only the following values: 0, 1.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3219:
The valid extended VCD port values are:
  D   Input low
  d   Input low (two or more drivers active)
  0   Input and output are driving low
  U   Input high
  u   Input high (two or more drivers active)
  1   Input and output are driving high
  N   Input unknown
  Z   Input tri-state
  F   Input and output unconnected
  f   Input and output tri-state
  L   Output low
  l   Output low (two or more drivers active)
  H   Output high
  h   Output high (two or more drivers active)
  X   Output unknown
  T   Output tri-state
  A   Unknown (input driving low, output driving high)
  a   Unknown (input driving low, output driving unknown)
  B   Unknown (input driving high, output driving low)
  b   Unknown (input driving high, output driving unknown)
  C   Unknown (input driving unknown, output driving low)
  c   Unknown (input driving unknown, output driving high)
  ?   Unknown
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Value Change Dump (VCD) Files Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3220:
While resimulating from a VCD file, a $dumpoff command was encountered.
This command cannot be simulated and since there will be data missing
beyond this point because of the $dumpoff resimulation is stopped.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3221:
The expected VCD simulation commands are:
  $comment   $dumpall  $dumpon    $dumpports
  $dumpvars  $end      $vcdclose  #<time>
  b, B, r, R, 0, 1, x, X, z, Z, u, U, w, W, l, L, h, H, -, p

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3222:
The specified port with the specified mode listed in the VCD file
could not be found in the design.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3223:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must be a signal in order for VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3224:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must be of mode IN or INOUT in order for VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3225:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must be a scalar in order for VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3226:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must be a vector in order for VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3227:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must be of type STD_LOGIC or BIT in order for VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3228:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must have a range that encompasses the specified index in order for
VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3229:
The specified object that was found to match a name in the VCD file
must be a net or register in order for VCD stimulation to work.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3230:
During VCD stimulation a #<time> command read from the VCD file was
not greater than or equal to the current simulation time. This is an
unrecoverable error. The VCD file is closed and no further processing
of the VCD file is done.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3231:
A problem was encountered while trying to reposition a user file
that had previously been closed because too many files were open.
This message should be followed by another message that gives more
information about the problem.


vsim Message # 3232:
A problem was encountered while trying to close the least recently
used user file. This message might be followed by another message
that gives more information about the problem.


vsim Message # 3233:
Settings of the Veriuser ini variable are frozen at elaboration
whereas the PLIOBJS environment variable setting overrides the
elaboration setting.


vsim Message # 3234:
The specified generic either could not be found in the model or was
declared to be of an incorrect type. VITAL timing and control generics
must have a specific name format and be of a specific set of subtypes
(a scalar of type time, an array of scalars of type time, or an array
of arrays of scalars of type time).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification - 4.3.2 Generics]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3235:
The specified generic must be a scalar of type time, an array of
scalars of type time, or an array of arrays of scalars of type time.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3236:
The specified internal signal delay (tisd) generic is not required
when the associated signal has the most negative setup time that
defined the value for the internal clock delay.


vsim Message # 3237:
A shared library filename could not be found in the specified
foreign attribute. A foreign attribute must be of the form:
  ATTRIBUTE foreign OF architecture_name : ARCHITECTURE IS
    "app_init_func_name app.sl; parameter";


vsim Message # 3238:
The format specified was accStringVal, accBinStrVal, accOctStrVal,
accDecStrVal, or accHexStrVal but the value->value.str field passed
to acc_set_value() is NULL.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3239:
A strength value may only be specified in a continuous assignment
in which the left hand side is a net type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 10.3]


vsim Message # 3240:
The SDF file is attempting to set a non-existent generic. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied at the correct level of the design. If
the cell being annotated is a VITAL cell, the simulator constructs a
VITAL generic name based on the SDF entry. The VITAL cell must contain
a generic by that name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 4.3.2.1 Timing generics, 5.2.7 Mapping to timing generics]
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3241:
A generic must have an initial value so that the INCREMENT
specification can increment or decrement it.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3242:
The number of edges specified in the SDF construct does not match
the number of edges expected by the specified generic.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 5.2 The VITAL SDF map]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3243:
The number of edges specified for a delay must be 1, 2, 3, 6, or 12.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification v3.0 -
 Chapter 3, Section: Delay Definition Entries (page 3-16)]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3244:
While processing an interconnect path delay generic with multiple
sources, an unexpected SDF statement was encountered when either a
PORT or INTERCONNECT statement was expected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3245:
The specified SDF constructs must have bit specs on the same ports.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3246:
The specified generic must be either of type VitalDelayType or
of type VitalDelayArrayType.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3247:
If an SDF construct does not contain bit specs (indicating an array
type), then the corresponding generic must be of type VitalDelayType.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3248:
Based on the SDF construct at the specified file/line, the
specified generic should be of the specified type.
[DOC: IEEE Standard for VITAL ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit)
     Modeling Specification (Std 1076.4-2000) - Chapter 5. Backannotation]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3249:
If an SDF construct does not contain bit specs (indicating an
array type), then the corresponding generic must be of one of the
specified scalar types.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3250:
A cell INSTANCE specified in the SDF file could not be found at the
hierarchical level in the design at which the SDF annotation is being
applied. Verify that the SDF file is being applied at the correct level
of the design.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification v3.0 -
 Chapter 3, Section: Cell Entries (pages 3-9 to 3-10)]
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3251:
Either the specified port or the instance containing the port could
not be found in the design. Verify that the SDF file is being applied
at the correct level of the design.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3252:
A non-port object was detected in an SDF construct where a port was expected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3253:
A bit-select or part-select was detected on a scalar port. Verify
that the SDF file is being applied at the correct level of the design.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3254:
A part-select must have the same direction (ascending or descending)
as the bounds of the object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3255:
The specified bit-select or part-select is not entirely within the
bounds of the object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3256:
The two ports specified in an IOPATH, PATHPULSE, NOCHANGE, SKEW,
SETUP, HOLD, SETUPHOLD, RECOVERY, REMOVAL, or RECREM entry must be
from the same module instance.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3257:
If both the source and the destination ports of an INTERCONNECT
statement are outputs, then the delay is annotated to the source port.
If the source port is not driven by gate level primitives and does not
have any specify block path to it, then there is nothing to which the
annotation can be applied.


vsim Message # 3258:
For the specified DEVICE construct in the SDF file, no paths to an
output port could be found.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3259:
The first port instance in an INTERCONNECT entry must be an output
or bidirectional port. The second port instance must be an input
or bidirectional port.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification v3.0 -
 Chapter 3, Section: Delay Definition Entries (page 3-22)]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3260:
The module instance related to the IOPATH construct at the specified
line in the SDF file does not contain the expected input/bidir to
output/bidir path delay in a specify block. Verify that the SDF file
is being applied to the correct design instance and that a specify block
exists in this module instance and contains the appropriate IO path.
If you are using the vlog +delay_mode options, they could affect the
delays being used.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3261:
No module path in a specify block in the related module instance was
found to match the SDF construct on the specified line. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied to the correct design instance and that
a specify block exists in this module instance and contains the
appropriate module path. If a COND is being used, verify that the order
of the condition is the same in the specify block as it is in the SDF
file. Also verify that vlog or vsim wasn't run with "+nospecify".
NOTE: If the SDF IOPATH statements have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify paths have atomic wide ports (e.g A),
specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will fix this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3262:
No timing check in a specify block in the related module instance was
found to match the SDF construct on the specified line. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied to the correct design instance and that
a specify block exists in this module instance and contains the
appropriate timing check.
NOTE: If the SDF timing constraints have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify block timing constraints have atomic
wide ports (e.g A) specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will
fix this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3263:
The name specified in a CELLTYPE entry does not match the definition
name of the module or primitive instance specified in the INSTANCE
entry. Verify that the SDF file is being applied to the correct
design instance.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3264:
A cell instance must refer to a module or primitive, or a VITAL architecture.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3265:
The specified VHDL instance was not found during VHDL VITAL SDF
annotation but was found during Verilog SDF annotation using Verilog
hierarchical path rules. VHDL VITAL instances must be specified with
a full VHDL hierarchical path name to the -sdfmin, -sdftyp, and
-sdfmax vsim options.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3266:
SDF annotation can be applied only to Verilog module instances and
VHDL VITAL instances. The specified instance is neither of these.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3267:
The specified generic associated with the specified SDF file/line
either could not be found in the model or was declared to be of an
incorrect type. VITAL timing and control generics must have a
specific name format and be of a specific set of subtypes (a scalar
of type time, an array of scalars of type time, or an array of
arrays of scalars of type time).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification - 4.3.2 Generics]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3268:
A VITAL compliant VHDL model that models negative constraints must
declare an internal clock delay generic for each clock (reference)
signal that is associated with a negative setup (or recovery) constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 8.2 Modeling negative timing constraints]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3269:
A VITAL compliant VHDL model that models negative constraints must
declare an internal clock delay generic for each clock (reference)
signal that is associated with a negative setup (or recovery) constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 8.2 Modeling negative timing constraints]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3270:
A VITAL compliant VHDL model that models negative constraints must
declare an internal signal delay generic for every data (test)
signal that is associated with a negative hold (or removal) constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 8.2 Modeling negative timing constraints]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3271:
A VITAL compliant VHDL model that models negative constraints must
declare an internal signal delay generic for every data (test)
signal that is associated with a negative hold (or removal) constraint.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 8.2 Modeling negative timing constraints]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3272:
A timing generic beginning with the prefix tbpd represents a
propagation delay that is adjusted to accommodate negative timing
constraints. There must exist, in the same entity generic clause, a
corresponding propagation delay (tpd) generic denoting the same ports,
condition name, and edge.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 4.3.2.1.3.14 Biased propagation delay]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3273:
A timing generic beginning with the prefix tbpd represents a
propagation delay that is adjusted to accommodate negative timing
constraints. There must exist, in the same entity generic clause,
a corresponding propagation delay (tpd) generic denoting the same
ports, condition name, and edge.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 4.3.2.1.3.14 Biased propagation delay]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3274:
There are two possible causes for this error message:

1) An attempt was made to load and execute one or more libraries that
were compiled with a different major version number than the simulator.
Libraries must always be recompiled or refreshed when moving from one
major version of QuestaSim to another (for example, from 5.5 to 5.6).
The -refresh option of the compiler can be used if the HDL source code
is not available.

2) A required shared library was not loaded; therefore, one or more
foreign subprograms do not have any associated executable code. Find
the shared library that contains the required foreign subprogram code
and make sure that vsim loads it. You can do this via a FOREIGN attribute
in your VHDL code or by specifying the -foreign option to vsim. If you
have already specified the shared library, make sure that the path
to it exists and that you have the proper permissions to read it.


vsim Message # 3275:
The specified design unit could not be found for loading. Verify that
the design unit has been compiled into the correct library and that the
library is mapped correctly. (Check the modelsim.ini file.) The vlib
command creates QuestaSim libraries and the vmap command maps them.


vsim Message # 3276:
QuestaSim will process only one -do command-line option. In order to
invoke multiple do files, create a top-level do file and have it call
other do files via the do command.


vsim Message # 3277:
The -elab option causes QuestaSim to elaborate the design and then save
it to a file, therefore a design unit name must be specified.


vsim Message # 3278:
The -elab and -load_elab options are mutually exclusive. The -elab
option elaborates a design and saves the elaboration in a file
whereas the -load_elab option loads a simulation from a previously
created elaboration file.


vsim Message # 3279:
The -elab and -restore options are mutually exclusive. The -elab
option elaborates a design and saves the elaboration in a file
whereas the -restore option loads a simulation from a previously
created checkpoint file.


vsim Message # 3280:
No more than ten -foreign/-vhpi options can be specified. Alternate methods
of loading foreign shared libraries are via foreign architectures or
foreign subprograms.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual]


vsim Message # 3281:
A command line generic assignment must be of one of the following forms:
  -g<generic_name>=<value>
  -G<generic_name>=<value>
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3282:
The +pulse_r/<percent> option sets the module path pulse rejection
limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be
a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3283:
The +pulse_r/<percent> option sets the module path pulse rejection
limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be
a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3284:
The pulse reject limit must be less than or equal to the pulse error
limit. A pulse that is less than the reject limit will not propagate
to the module path destination. A pulse that is less than the error
limit but greater than or equal to the reject limit will generate a
logic X on the path destination. A pulse that is greater than or equal
to the error limit will propagate to the path destination.


vsim Message # 3285:
The +pulse_e/<percent> option sets the module path pulse error limit
as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be a
number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3286:
The +pulse_e/<percent> option sets the module path pulse error limit
as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be a
number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3287:
The pulse reject limit must be less than or equal to the pulse error
limit. A pulse that is less than the reject limit will not propagate
to the module path destination. A pulse that is less than the error
limit but greater than or equal to the reject limit will generate a
logic X on the path destination. A pulse that is greater than or equal
to the error limit will propagate to the path destination.


vsim Message # 3288:
The +pulse_int_r/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
rejection limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the
value must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3289:
The +pulse_int_r/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
rejection limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the
value must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3290:
The pulse reject limit must be less than or equal to the pulse error
limit. A pulse that is less than the reject limit will not propagate
to the module path destination. A pulse that is less than the error
limit but greater than or equal to the reject limit will generate a
logic X on the path destination. A pulse that is greater than or equal
to the error limit will propagate to the path destination.


vsim Message # 3291:
The +pulse_int_e/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
error limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value
must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3292:
The +pulse_int_e/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
error limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value
must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3293:
The pulse reject limit must be less than or equal to the pulse error
limit. A pulse that is less than the reject limit will not propagate
to the module path destination. A pulse that is less than the error
limit but greater than or equal to the reject limit will generate a
logic X on the path destination. A pulse that is greater than or equal
to the error limit will propagate to the path destination.


vsim Message # 3294:
The options -excluded and -recursive cannot be used concurrently nor can
they be used with the options -lines and -zeroes; however, the options
-lines and -zeroes can be used concurrently.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - coverage report command]


vsim Message # 3295:
The -filemap_elab option defines a file mapping to be used during
the loading of an elaborated design that was previously saved. This
option can be used only when the -load_elab option is used.


vsim Message # 3296:
The specified option is not a valid simulator invocation option.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3297:
Some modules contain instances that have been inlined as a result of
performance optimizations. The ports of these instances are not visible
and therefore cannot be annotated to. You must recompile the modules
that are specified in the mti_inlined_mods.txt file (or the transcript
in case mti_inlined_mods.txt could not be opened for writing).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3298:
A bus fight has been detected where two or more drivers are driving
a node with the same strength and that strength is the strongest of
all drivers currently driving the node.


vsim Message # 3299:
A node that is in a high impedance state for a time equal to or
greater than the user-defined limit has been detected.


vsim Message # 3300:
The specified node was active after the period during which the
circuit should have settled.


vsim Message # 3301:
Index of unpacked array not supported in force.


vsim Message # 3302:
When a net is connected to a module output or inout port that has a path
delay specified for it, and the net is also driven from another partition,
incorrect timing, such as a zero-value path delay, may result.


vsim Message # 3303:
The specified feature is not supported when the simulator is in
cosimulation mode.


vsim Message # 3304:
You do not have a license that allows you to use the specified feature.


vsim Message # 3305:
The command that caused this error message to appear cannot be used
until code coverage is turned on. Code coverage can be turned on by
specifying the vsim option -coverage.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Code Coverage Chapter]


vsim Message # 3306:
No coverage data has been collected.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Code Coverage Chapter]


vsim Message # 3307:
A null filename was specified to the coverage_data command.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Code Coverage Chapter]


vsim Message # 3308:
Either no coverage data has been collected for the specified file or
the filename was specified incorrectly.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Code Coverage Chapter]


vsim Message # 3309:
Only one contention file, one float file, and one stable file can
be opened during a simulation.


vsim Message # 3310:
The -period option must be specified with the first check stable on command.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - check stable on command]


vsim Message # 3311:
The sample frequency specified to the profile interval command must be
an integer in the range 1 to 999 inclusive. This number represents the
number of milliseconds to wait between each sample collected during a
profiled simulation run. The default is 10ms.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - profile interval command]


vsim Message # 3312:
The cutoff percentage specified to the profile report command must be
a number in the range 0.0 to 100.0 inclusive. This number filters out the
entries in the report that had less than that percentage of time spent
in them.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - profile report command]


vsim Message # 3313:
A problem occurred while generating the data for a profile report.
For help, provide the full error message, including the code, at
http://supportnet.mentor.com along with a description of what you were doing
at the time the problem occurred.


vsim Message # 3314:
The 'power add' command is not supported for atomic vector nets.


vsim Message # 3315:
The 'power add' command must be used to turn on power checking before
the 'power report' or the 'power reset' command can be used.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - power commands]


vsim Message # 3316:
SUMMARY:

While performing the negative timing constraint algorithm on each module
that contains timing checks with delayed net arguments, a timing check
with a negative adjusted setup or hold limit was encountered. The
negative timing constraint algorithm attempts to find a set of delays
for the timing check delayed net arguments such that all negative limits
can be converted to non-negative limits with respect to the delayed
nets. If there is no solution for a set of limits, then the algorithm
sets one of the negative limits to zero and recalculates the delays.
This process is repeated until a solution is found. A warning message is
issued for each negative limit that is set to zero only when the vsim
option +ntc_warn is used.

DETAILS WITH EXAMPLES:

For Verilog models with negative timing checks to function correctly
some module inputs must be delayed before they are used in the
functional evaluation. These models must have delayed versions of their
inputs in their $setuphold and $recrem timing constraints that are used
in their functional evaluation. The timing checks are performed on the
inputs while the model's functional evaluation uses the delayed version
of the inputs.

For example, given a posedge D-flipflop module with a negative setup
limit like:

    $setuphold(posedge CLK, D, -10, 20, notifier,,, dCLK, dD);

The delayed versions of CLK and D are dCLK and dD respectively. The
-10 setup limit allows posedge CLK to occur 10 time units before D.

                                0
                                     -10       20
D(violation)                           /////////
                                 ___________________
CLK              _______________|

Without delaying CLK by 11, an old value for D could be latched.
(Note that an additional unit of delay is added to prevent race
conditions.)

Consider the inputs:

                                        9
                                         ________________
D                _______________________|

                                0
                                 ___________________
CLK              _______________|

                                        9
                                         ________________
dD               _______________________|

                                          11
                                           _________
dCLK             _________________________|

No timing violation is reported and the value of D high should be
latched. For this reason the posedge CLK transition is delayed by the
amount of the negative setup limit. The effect of this delay could also
affect other inputs with a specified timing relationship to CLK. Vsim
is responsible for calculating the delay between all inputs and their
delayed versions.

If a solution cannot be determined, the smallest negative setup/recovery
limit is zeroed and the calculation of delays is repeated. If no
negative setup/recovery limits exist, then the smallest negative
hold/removal limit is zeroed. This process is repeated until a delay
solution is found.

Message 3316 indicates that a timing check in the design was zeroed
because a delay solution was not found. Invoking vsim with the +ntc_warn
option will identify the timing check that is being zeroed.

CAUSES OF NO SOLUTION WARNINGS:

Several conditions can occur to prevent vsim from finding a delay
solution. A valid condition is when edge-specific input delays cause a
large enough divergence as to overshadow setup and hold constraint values.

Consider:

  $setuphold(posedge CLK, posedge D, 40, -10, notifier,,, dCLK, dD);
  $setuphold(posedge CLK, negedge D, 121, -110, notifier,,, dCLK, dD);

                                     40     -10
D(posedge Viol)                      /////////
                120   -110
D(negedge Viol)    /////
                                                   ______________
CLK ______________________________________________|

In this case the timing values are correct. A negative hold indicates
that the data path contains a delay larger than the clock path to
register element. The falling data path contains a delay much larger
than the rising data path delay. Because input delays are not
level sensitive, no solution is possible for this situation.

Cadence implemented a workaround for this problem which vsim started
supporting in version 5.5d. The vsim options -extend_tcheck_data_limit
and -extend_tcheck_ref_limit perform this function. These options affect
only limits of related timing checks (opposing edge triggers on reference
or data signals) to extend them so that their violation regions overlap.
Extending a violation region increases the pessimism in the simulation.

The ref limit for a $setuphold is the setup limit, while the data
limit is the hold limit. The arguments to the -extend_tcheck_data_limit
and the -extend_tcheck_ref_limit options are specified as percentages of
the violation region to be extended.

For the above example, -extend_tcheck_ref_limit 100 will attempt to
extend the:

                                     40     -10
D(posedge Viol)                      /////////

to:

                            90              -10
D(posedge Viol)             //////////////////

so an -extend_tcheck_ref_limit 1000 will converge and provide limits of:

                       110                   -10
D(posedge Viol)        ///////////////////////
                120   -110
D(negedge Viol)    /////

Note that the violation region is extended only enough to converge.
With this violation region, dD can have a delay of 110, which satisfies
both timing checks.

Often no timing solution is found because a timing check constraint is
not being annotated correctly, causing a default value that is incompatible
with the loaded delays in the rest of the design to be used in the model.


For example, consider a model where the default timing values are 1 and
for some reason the $recrem is not annotated from the SDF file so the
default timing values are used. The timing would be the following:

  $setuphold(posedge CLK, D, -10, 20, notifier,,, dCLK, dD);
  $setuphold(negedge PRESET, D, -25, 30, notifier,,, dPRESET, dD);
  $recrem(posedge CLK, negedge PRESET, 1, 1, notifier,,, dCLK, dPRESET);

To satisfy the negative setups, delays of 11 for dCLK and 26 for dPRESET
are calculated.

                                    -10   20
D(violation)                          /////
                                0
                                 ________________________________
CLK              _______________|
                                           -25   30
D(violation)                                 /////
                                0
                                 ________________________________
PRESET           _______________|
                                      11
                                       __________________________
dCLK             _____________________|
                                             26
                                              ___________________
dPRESET           ___________________________|

This satisfies the $setuphold checks, but not the $recrem whose effect is
to require that the delay for dCLK and dPRESET must be only 1 apart.
In an attempt to solve this, dD is delayed by 9 (so the delays for dCLK
and dPreset could be made 29 and 30 respectively.

                                         -19   29
D(violation w/ dCLK)                       /////

                                                    -34   39
D(violation w/ dPRESET)                               /////

                                               29
                                                _________________
dCLK             ______________________________|

                                                30
                                                 ________________
dPRESET          _______________________________|

By delaying dD by 9 and adding additional delay to dCLK and dPRESET it
is possible to satisfy the:

  $setuphold(posedge CLK, D, -10, 20, notifier,,, dCLK, dD);
  $recrem(posedge CLK, negedge PRESET, 1, 1, notifier,,, dCLK, dPRESET);

timing checks, but not the:

  $setuphold(negedge PRESET, D, -25, 30, notifier,,, dPRESET, dD);

                                                    -34   39
D(violation w/ dPRESET)                               /////
                                                30
                                                 ________________
dPRESET          _______________________________|

as there is a region where a D change is valid and would not get used
in the model's function (any time up to 4 after dPRESET). Thus no
solution is found in this case.

If the:

  $recrem(posedge CLK, negedge PRESET, 1, 1, notifier,,, dCLK, dPRESET);

allowed a dCLK to lead dPRESET by at least 15, the following
dCLK/dPRESET delays would have provided a solution:

                                      11
                                       __________________________
dCLK             _____________________|
                                             26
                                              ___________________
dPRESET           ___________________________|

[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3317:
While performing the negative timing constraint algorithm on each module
that contains timing checks with delayed net arguments, a timing check
with a negative adjusted setup or hold limit was encountered. The
negative timing constraint algorithm attempts to find a set of delays
for the timing check delayed net arguments such that all negative limits
can be converted to non-negative limits with respect to the delayed
nets. If there is no solution for a set of limits and either the
-extend_tcheck_data_limit or -extend_tcheck_ref_limit vsim option is
specified, then all similar timing check regions are tested for
convergence. Similar timing checks (same type checks on same inputs with
same delay nets) with violation regions that do not converge (overlap)
might have their limits extended to force convergence. A warning message
is issued for each negative limit that is extended. The
-extend_tcheck_data_limit and -extend_tcheck_ref_limit options enable
the +ntc_warn option.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3318:
The -extend_tcheck_data_limit and -extend_tcheck_ref_limit options
are mutually exclusive.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3319:
The argument to -extend_tcheck_ref_limit must be an integer percentage
specifying the amount a reference limit can be extended to facilitate
delay net delay convergence.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3320:
The argument to -extend_tcheck_data_limit must be an integer percentage
specifying the amount a data limit can be extended to facilitate delay
net delay convergence.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3321:
The string parameter to the predefined attribute 'VALUE cannot be
interpreted as an integer value that belongs to the integer type
or subtype denoted by the prefix of the attribute name.


vsim Message # 3322:
The specified number is not a currently valid breakpoint ID. Use the
bp command with no arguments to find out which breakpoints are set.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bd command, bp command]


vsim Message # 3323:
A breakpoint line number is an integer greater than zero.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bd command]


vsim Message # 3324:
No breakpoint was found to be set at the specified file and line number,
therefore it cannot be deleted. Use the bp command with no arguments to
find out which breakpoints are set.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bd command, bp command]


vsim Message # 3325:
No hierarchical regions in the design were found to have been compiled
from the specified source file. This condition will occur for all
source files that have been compiled with the -nodebug option.


vsim Message # 3326:
The requested breakpoint or when command ID number is already being used
for another breakpoint or when command. Use the bp or when command with
no arguments to get a list of all breakpoints/when commands along with
their IDs.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bp and when commands]


vsim Message # 3327:
A breakpoint or when command ID number must be an integer greater than zero.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bp, bd, and when commands]


vsim Message # 3328:
The specified instance was not found in the design. Verify that the
instance path is spelled and specified correctly.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bp command]


vsim Message # 3329:
Setting a breakpoint on a process is not supported.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bp command]


vsim Message # 3330:
The specified line in the specified file is not executable, therefore
a breakpoint cannot be set on it.


vsim Message # 3331:
The type of bp command that was issued requires a filename and line
number to be specified. The usage of the command should be displayed
after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - bp command]


vsim Message # 3332:
An attempt was made to write to a VHDL file that has not been opened.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations, 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3333:
An attempt was made to write to a VHDL file that has been opened only
for reading.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations, 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3334:
Because of the way that a record is formatted, it cannot be written
to stdout.


vsim Message # 3335:
The vcl data structure associated with the object handle and vcl flag
passed to acc_vcl_delete() could not be found. Either the callback had
not previously been added or it has already been removed.


vsim Message # 3336:
An attempt was made to read past the end of the specified VHDL file.
Ensure that your code properly checks for end of file conditions.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations]


vsim Message # 3337:
An attempt was made to read from a VHDL file that has not been opened.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations, 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3338:
An attempt was made to read from a VHDL file file that has been opened
only for writing or appending.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations, 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3339:
When a FILE object is associated with stdin, the file type of the FILE
object must be file of CHARACTER or file of STRING.  This is because
all other types of values have binary representations that do not
readily lend themselves to being input from the command line.


vsim Message # 3340:
The ENDFILE function cannot be called on an unopened VHDL file.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations]


vsim Message # 3341:
The specified file has already been opened, so it cannot be opened again.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations]


vsim Message # 3342:
It is an error if a wait statement appears in an explicit process
statement that includes a sensitivity list or in a procedure that
has a parent that is such a process statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.1 Wait statement]


vsim Message # 3343:
Time values in wait statements must be greater than or equal to zero.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.1 Wait statement]


vsim Message # 3344:
An unresolved signal can have only one driver.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 4.3.1.2 Signal declarations]


vsim Message # 3345:
After elaboration the specified port was still not fully constrained. If
the port is an IN port, then the port declaration must include a default
value if the port is not connected. If the port is of any mode other
than IN and the type of the port is an unconstrained or partially
constrained composite type, then the port must be connected.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.5.6.3 Port clauses]


vsim Message # 3346:
An array or record output port that is not fully constrained appears as
the formal designator in a port map whose formal part is a conversion
function or a type conversion.  This is illegal even if the formal of
the conversion function is fully constrained, or if the type mark of the
type conversion is fully constrained, because there is no way to perform
the required matching element test when the number of subelements of the
value of the formal is not known.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM -
   7.2.2 Relational operators
   7.3.5 Type conversions]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM -
   9.2.3 Relational operators
   9.3.6 Type conversions]


vsim Message # 3347:
After elaboration the specified port was still of an unconstrained array
subtype. If the port is an IN port, then the port declaration must
include a default value if the port is not connected. If the port is of
any mode other than IN and the type of the port is an unconstrained
array type, then the port must be connected.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]


vsim Message # 3348:
The length of the actual array connected to an array port is different
from the length of the port.  The actual can be connected only if it
contains a matching element for each element of the port with which it
is associated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.2 Relational operators]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.2.4 The port map aspect]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.2.3 Relational operators]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.3.5 Port map aspect]


vsim Message # 3349:
A user defined system task or function has been redefined at run time
with vpi_register_systf. The last task or function registered will be
the one in effect until another registration occurs or the simulation ends.


vsim Message # 3350:
The specified generic has not been given a value during elaboration.
One of the following methods can be used to give the generic a value:
   -- Specify a default value in the generic declaration
   -- Use a generic map to specify a value
   -- Use a -g or -G vsim option to specify a value
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM -
   1.1.1.1 Generics,
   4.3.2 Interface declarations,
   5.2.1.2 Generic map and port map aspects]
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3351:
Either the value does not satisfy the constraints of the subtype of the
generic, or the value is not of the type of the generic.  This value
will be ignored; the effective value will be the value specified in the
design.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.2.2 The generic map aspect]


vsim Message # 3352:
Instantiation of a Verilog UDP in a VHDL model is not supported in
QuestaSim mixed-language simulation.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3353:
Instantiation of a Verilog optimized cell in a VHDL model is not
supported in QuestaSim mixed-language simulation.


vsim Message # 3354:
The source and destination signals of a parallel connection must
contain the same number of bits.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 13.3.5 Full connection and parallel connection paths]


vsim Message # 3355:
When there is a hierarchical reference that ultimately must be a net,
but it is a register instead, then a continuous assignment to an
implicit net is automatically created. If the hierarchical reference
resolves to something that is not a net and it is not a valid
right-hand side for a continuous assignment, then this error message
is issued. An example of an illegal right-hand side would be a
reference to an entire memory (rather than a memory element).


vsim Message # 3356:
An index into the specified object is either unknown (X) or outside of
the declared range of the object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3357:
The length of the actual array connected to an array port is different
from the length of the port.  The actual can be connected only if it
contains a matching element for each element of the port with which it
is associated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.2 Relational operators]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.2.4 The port map aspect]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.2.3 Relational operators]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.3.5 Port map aspect]


vsim Message # 3358:
An indexed part-select into the specified object is either unknown (X)
or outside of the declared range of the object.


vsim Message # 3359:
The connection to a primitive output must be a scalar net. This message
occurs during elaboration because of a hierarchical reference to an
object whose type cannot be determined until this time.


vsim Message # 3360:
The connection to a primitive output must be a scalar net. This message
occurs during elaboration because of a hierarchical reference to an
object whose size cannot be determined until this time.


vsim Message # 3361:
By the end of elaboration, all unconstrained VHDL array ports must be
constrained. In this case, the Verilog module that is instantiating the
VHDL model containing the specified port has not connected anything to
the port to give it constraints and the port has no default value.


vsim Message # 3362:
The type of VHDL port is either not compatible with the type of Verilog
connection or is not currently supported at the VHDL-SystemVerilog mixed
language boundary. Please refer to QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of
supported types.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3363:
The array length of a VHDL port must match the width of the Verilog
port(s) to which it is connected.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3364:
A VHDL port of mode OUT or INOUT cannot be connected to a Verilog object
that is not a net. This also applies in pure Verilog designs.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 12.3.6 Connecting dissimilar ports,
 12.3.7 Port connection rules]


vsim Message # 3365:
More port connections were found in an instantiation than were
expected for the module.


vsim Message # 3366:
Instantiations for modules containing unnamed ports must connect the ports
by position. An unnamed port is created when a comma succeeds another
comma (",,") in the list of ports in a module declaration or when the
port expression is a bit-select, a part-select, or a concatenation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 12.3 Ports]


vsim Message # 3367:
In an instantiation of a UDP, the ports must be connected by position.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 8.6 UDP instances]


vsim Message # 3368:
In an instantiation of a UDP, either too few or too many connections
were listed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 8.6 UDP instances]


vsim Message # 3369:
A given design unit (from a specific library) should be specified only once
to vsim or vopt command as a top-level design unit. The reported error
condition also arises when you specify different optimized design names of
the same top-level from the same library. Similarly for when VHDL/Verilog
configurations of the same entity/module are specified. When the error issued
is not FATAL, you may change it to a warning or a note or supprress it. If you
do that, top-levels with naming conflicts will not be uniquely identifiable
through the various debug interfaces, such as GUI or Command Line Interface.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3370:
A top-level design unit can be only an entity, a configuration, a module,
a program, or an optimized design.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3371:
While initializing a range, either unknown (X) values or an overflow
or underflow were detected in either the msb or the lsb of the range.


vsim Message # 3372:
This error occurs when determining the width of the following kind of
concatenation expression:
  {n{1'b1}}
This means to replicate 1'b1 n times. If n is a parameter, then the
value must be determined during elaboration. The multiplier must not
contain an X and must not overflow a 32-bit integer.


vsim Message # 3373:
The range of a part-select must have the same direction (either
ascending or descending) as the object of which it is a part.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 4.2.1 Net and register bit-select and part-select addressing]


vsim Message # 3374:
Either the msb or lsb of the part-select is outside of the range of
the object that it is indexing.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3375:
The object is not a valid object in the expression context. An object
of one of the following types is expected: net, register, integer, real,
time, parameter, specparam.


vsim Message # 3376:
Either the object is not an indexable object or an incorrect number
of indexes is being used to index the object.


vsim Message # 3377:
Either the object is not a part-selectable object or an incorrect
number of indexes is being used to part-select the object.


vsim Message # 3378:
Either the object cannot be part-selected and then indexed or an
incorrect number of indexes is being used to part-select and index
the object.


vsim Message # 3379:
The specified object is not a valid target for the specified type of
assignment, deassign, force, or release.


vsim Message # 3380:
The design unit listed before this error message is not in a valid
compiled format. Verify that the proper design unit and library were
specified in the design. If the source code is available, the design
unit can be recompiled using the appropriate compiler.


vsim Message # 3381:
The design unit listed before this error message was compiled with a
previous major version of QuestaSim. Libraries must always be recompiled
or refreshed when moving from one major version of QuestaSim to another
(for example, from 10.0 to 10.1) or from a beta version to a full-fledged
release version. The -refresh option of the compiler can be used if the
HDL source code is not available.


vsim Message # 3382:
The design unit listed before this error message was compiled with a
newer major version of QuestaSim. Libraries must always be recompiled or
refreshed when moving from one major version of QuestaSim to another
(for example, from 5.6 to 5.5) or from a beta version to a full-fledged
release version. The -refresh option of the compiler can be used if the
HDL source code is not available.


vsim Message # 3383:
The design unit listed before this error message was compiled on a
platform of a different object type. 32-bit QuestaSim can load only
32-bit libraries and 64-bit QuestaSim can load only 64-bit libraries.
The -refresh option of the compiler can be used to create the appropriate
object format of the library.


vsim Message # 3384:
The design unit listed before this error message was compiled by a
different Model Technology product (e.g., PE vs. SE). The -refresh
option of the compiler can be used to create the appropriate library
objects.


vsim Message # 3385:
An object (A) in one package depends on an object (B) in the other
package that depends on the first object (A) in the first package.


vsim Message # 3386:
For an element association with a choice that is a discrete range and an
expression of the type of the aggregate, each element of the value of
the expression is the value of the element of the aggregate at the
matching index value in the range.  It is an error if the length of the
discrete range differs from the length of the value of the expression.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vsim Message # 3387:
The allocation of parallel simulation global memory failed due to a system error.
This could happen either because machine doesn't have enough memory to
allocate or the shared memory segment size limit is set to a lower
value than required here.  You can check the size limit with the command:
   '/sbin/sysctl kernel.shmmax'.
If segment size limit is the issue, then you can increase it using the
following commands:
   'su root'
   '/sbin/sysctl -w kernel.shmmax=<new_size_limit>'


vsim Message # 3388:
An internal error occurred while creating parallel simulation global memory.
Please report this error at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim Message # 3389:
More port connections were found in an instantiation than were
expected for the module.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3390:
The result of the specified predefined attribute is outside
the range of the type of the prefix.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vsim Message # 3391:
Allocation of more memory than is physically installed in the machine
can cause paging to occur. Increasing the amount of physical memory in
the machine can alleviate this problem. Using locked memory or shared
memory may also help. Monitoring the memory used by the QuestaSim
processes (vsim, vish, vlm) might help you determine where the majority
of the memory usage is occurring.
The amounts of memory given in the message are approximate and reflect
the beginning of the detected potential problem; the actual amount of
memory ultimately needed for a given design may be larger.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Tips and Techniques Appendix]


vsim Message # 3392:
A net that crosses parallel simulation partition boundary by both a
Verilog module input port and by hierarchical reference can result in
incorrect simulation results, if the net is driven by multiple partitions.
Specified option may be used to coerce all Verilog nets at partition
boundaries to be treated as inout ports, to ensure correct results.


vsim Message # 3393:
A net that crosses parallel simulation partition boundary by both a
Verilog module input port and by hierarchical reference can result in
incorrect simulation results, if the net is driven by multiple partitions.
Specified option may be used to coerce all Verilog nets at partition
boundaries to be treated as inout ports, to ensure correct results.


vsim Message # 3394:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3395:
A conversion function in a port map, or a resolution function has
returned a value that has a record subelement that is of an array length
(or has an embedded array length) that is different from that of the
corresponding port or signal array length.


vsim Message # 3396:
The specified file was not found to be a currently open VCD file.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd commands]


vsim Message # 3397:
The specified VCD file is already opened.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd commands]


vsim Message # 3398:
The specified default VCD file is already opened. The -file option
can be used to specify a different filename.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd commands]


vsim Message # 3399:
For dumpports functionality, you can use either the 'vcd file'
command with the -dumpports option or the 'vcd dumpports' command.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd files command]


vsim Message # 3400:
The default VCD output file has already been opened. Multiple VCD
files can be created by using the 'vcd files' command.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd file command]


vsim Message # 3401:
The -map option allows you to override the default VHDL std_logic values.
The mapping should be specified as a list of character pairs. The first
character in a pair must be one of the std_logic characters UX01ZWLH-.
The second character is the character you wish to be recorded in the
VCD file. Example: vcd file -map "L z H z".
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd commands]


vsim Message # 3402:
The valid std_logic values are UX01ZWLH-.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd commands]


vsim Message # 3403:
The VCD file size limit must be specified as a non-negative integer.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcd commands]


vsim Message # 3404:
The address must be within the bounds of the memory being loaded.


vsim Message # 3405:
The nettype declaration of the user-defined net must include a
resolution function in order to support multiple drivers.


vsim Message # 3406:
The width of the data is larger than the width of the memory word.


vsim Message # 3407:
The data word currently being loaded is outside of the range of the
addresses to be loaded.  The rest of the file has been skipped.


vsim Message # 3408:
Not enough data words were found to fill the expected memory range.


vsim Message # 3409:
The allowable binary digits are 0, 1, x, X, z, Z, and ?.


vsim Message # 3410:
The allowable hex digits are 0-9, a-f, A-F, x, X, z, Z, and ?.


vsim Message # 3411:
The allowable address digits are 0-9, a-f, and A-F.


vsim Message # 3412:
The data word currently being loaded is outside of the range of the
addresses to be loaded.  The rest of the file has been skipped.


vsim Message # 3413:
A leading underscore is not allowed in an address or data specification.


vsim Message # 3414:
End of file was reached while looking for the end of the specified comment.


vsim Message # 3415:
A forward slash ('/') was detected without a succeeding asterisk ('*')
or forward slash ('/') to indicate the start of a comment. A comment can
either start with '//' and extend until the end of the line or it can
start with '/*', extend for one or more lines, and be terminated by '*/'.


vsim Message # 3416:
The time value is either less than integer'left or greater than
integer'right and therefore cannot be represented as an integer.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vsim Message # 3417:
The time value corresponding to the specified position number is less
than the simulator resolution and has therefore been truncated to zero.


vsim Message # 3418:
Two arrays can be concatenated only if their elements are of the same
type. Since the sizes are different, they are not the same type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3419:
The total size of the array is too large to be allocated in the simulator.


vsim Message # 3420:
Many operations require that two array values or a constrained array
subtype and an array value have the same length, i.e., they satisfy the
matching element requirement.


vsim Message # 3421:
The value either does not belong to the range defined by the range
constraint of a scalar subtype or is not a legal position number in an
enumeration type.
A more descriptive error message may be produced if the offending design
unit is compiled with the -O0 switch.


vsim Message # 3422:
The result of the concatenation would have an array index range whose
right bound would not belong to the index subtype of the base type
of the array.


vsim Message # 3423:
The rules for ordinary and matching CASE statements, when the expression
is of an array type (which must be a one-dimensional array type whose
element base type is a character type), require that all the choices in
the statement have the same length, and that this length be the same as
the length of the expression.
This requirement likewise applies to the equivalent CASE statement
representation of selected signal assignment statements and selected
variable assignment statements.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.5.4 Selected signal assignments]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.6.4 Selected variable assignments]


vsim Message # 3424:
Many binary operators defined in package ieee.std_logic_1164 have
the requirement that both operands be one-dimensional arrays of the same
length.


vsim Message # 3425:
The hierarchical DIVIDER is set to be a '/', but a '.' was found in
a place where a hierarchical divider was expected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3426:
The hierarchical DIVIDER is set to be a '.', but a '/' was found in
a place where a hierarchical divider was expected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3427:
The pulse reject limit must be less than or equal to the pulse error
limit. A pulse that is less than the reject limit will not propagate to
the module path destination. A pulse that is less than the error limit
but greater than or equal to the reject limit will generate a logic X on
the path destination. A pulse that is greater than or equal to the error
limit will propagate to the path destination.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification v3.0 -
 Chapter 3, Section: Delay Entries (pages 3-12 to 3-13)]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3428:
The values specified in a PATHPULSEPERCENT entry must be less than
or equal to 100.0.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification v3.0 -
 Chapter 3, Section: Delay Entries (page 3-14)]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3429:
For a NOCHANGE timing check, an edge specification must be included
for the control port.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification v3.0 -
 Chapter 3, Section: Timing Check Entries (page 3-35)]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3430:
Valid timescales are: 1us, 10us, 100us, 1ns, 10ns, 100ns, 1ps, 10ps, 100ps.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3431:
Valid timescale units are: us, ns, ps.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3432:
The most likely cause of this message is that you have specified the
wrong instance name or the wrong filename with the -sdfmin, -sdftyp,
or -sdfmax vsim option. Another possibility is that the instance that
you expected to be instantiated in the design is not the instance that
was instantiated. If you have both a VHDL and a Verilog model of the
instance in question, verify that the appropriate model is being
instantiated.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3433:
The object being annotated takes only up to the specified number of
delay values. Any delay values specified beyond that are ignored.
This message occurs, for example, if an interconnect delay with more
than 3 values is applied to a primitive device.
[DOC: OVI Standard Delay Format Specification -
 Chapter 3, Section: Delay Entries]


vsim Message # 3434:
The SDF annotator was not able to uniquely identify the source port of
an INTERCONNECT statement. This is because the source port is driven by
a behavioral statement instead of a primitive. This can be fixed by
putting a buffer (or some other primitive) between the behavioral
statement and the output or inout that it is driving.


vsim Message # 3435:
For optimized cells (-fast), if a specify block contains only rise and
fall (0,1) delays and the SDF file tries to annotate X transition
delays, then this warning message is displayed and the X transition
delays are ignored.


vsim Message # 3436:
One of the sources of a multisource input to input interconnect delay
does not have a driver on it; therefore, a module input port delay is
applied to the destination port instead of an interconnect delay.


vsim Message # 3437:
The instance has been inlined as a result of performance optimization.
The ports of these instances are not visible and therefore cannot be
annotated to. You must recompile the modules that are specified in the
mti_inlined_mods.txt file (or the transcript in case mti_inlined_mods.txt
could not be opened for writing).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3438:
A non-zero INTERCONNECT delay is specified from a source output lower
in the hierarchy to a destination output higher in the hierarchy.
Verilog-XL treats such an INTERCONNECT delay as a delay on the drivers
of the source. QuestaSim adds the INTERCONNECT delay to the driver delays
because there may also be IOPATH delays (which must come before the
INTERCONNECT delays in the SDF file). (Note that output to output delays
are not legal according to the SDF Specification.)


vsim Message # 3439:
When trying to convert an SDF edge specifier into an internal edge
specifier (e.g. accEdge01), it was found that there was no value
equivalent to the specified edge. Transitions to and from Z cannot
be converted.


vsim Message # 3440:
None of the instances in the specified SDF file were found in the
design. You might have specified the wrong SDF file or the SDF file
might have been applied to the wrong instance.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3441:
Some of the instances in the specified SDF file were not found in the
design. You might have specified the wrong SDF file, the SDF file might
have been applied to the wrong instance, or the SDF file might contain
data that is no longer relevant.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3442:
The suggested instance contains all instance paths that could not be
annotated at the instance currently selected for this SDF file. This is
probably the instance to which the SDF file should be applied. Compare
the SDF file to the design to determine at which level of hierarchy the
SDF file should be applied.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3443:
The SDF file was applied to the top level when it should, perhaps, have
been applied to a lower level instance. Compare the SDF file to the
design to determine at which level the SDF file should be applied.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3444:
One or more problems occurred during SDF annotation. Look earlier in
the transcript for error messages that indicate what the problems are.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3445:
One or more problems occurred during parsing of the SDF file. Look
earlier in the transcript for error messages that indicate what the
problems are.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual -
 Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3446:
Normally a negative pulse (trailing edge scheduled before leading
edge) is cancelled. The +show_cancelled_e vsim option will cause
negative pulses to be handled similarly to path pulses.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3447:
A path pulse error occurs when a narrow pulse is propagated through a
path delay. If the pulse is too narrow, as defined by the pulse error
limit (+pulse_e vsim option), then this warning message is issued.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3448:
Most timing constraints cannot have negative values.  The exceptions are $nochange,
$setuphold, and $recrem.  $nochange is always allowed to have a
negative value. $setuphold and $recrem are allowed to have negative
values only if the +no_neg_tchk option to vsim is not used.  When a
negative limit value is encountered, it is set to zero.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 14.5 Timing check system tasks]


vsim Message # 3449:
One reason for this message is that an attempt was made to write at
or beyond the offset maximum of the file. You can write a file only
as large as your operating system will allow. Another reason for this
message is that you are trying to write to a read-only file.


vsim Message # 3450:
Many operations require that two array values or a constrained array
subtype and an array value have the same length, i.e., they satisfy the
matching element requirement.  Here there are two record values or
subtypes that do not satisfy the matching element test in at least one
of the subelements that is of some array subtype.


vsim Message # 3451:
The 'toggle report' and 'toggle reset' commands cannot be used until
the 'toggle add' command is given.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - toggle commands]


vsim Message # 3452:
Once the VCD header has been created, it is too late to give
the 'vcd add' command or to call $dumpvars() or $fdumpvars().

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3453:
VCD dumping for the specified file has not been enabled, therefore
the vcd command or Verilog system task that caused this message to
appear cannot be executed.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3454:
An entire record cannot be forced with a force command. However,
individual elements that are either scalars or one-dimensional arrays
of character enums can be forced.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim Message # 3455:
An array can be forced only if it is a one-dimensional array of
character enums.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim Message # 3456:
An input or inout port cannot be forced if the port has values coming
into it from a higher level or if the port has a conversion function
on it. In some cases you might be able to force the port using the
-drive option. Otherwise, try doing the force at a higher level. This
restriction exists because in certain cases inconsistent results could
occur or the value might not propagate correctly.


vsim Message # 3457:
An atomic vector net must be operated on as a whole.
Compiling the design with the +acc=b option will enable
you to access bits of the vector net.


vsim Message # 3458:
A register cannot be driven or have a value deposited on it by a force
command. The 'force -freeze' command can be used to freeze the value
of a register or the 'change' command can be used to change the value
of a register.


vsim Message # 3459:
A non-existent region name (such as a module, architecture, or process
name) was encountered while parsing a hierarchical name. Use the
structure view in the GUI to verify the hierarchical name of the
region you are trying to access.


vsim Message # 3460:
The valid DefaultForceKind values are: deposit, drive, freeze, and default.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim Variables Appendix,
 Preference variables located in INI files Section]


vsim Message # 3461:
An unresolved signal cannot be driven.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim Message # 3462:
The value/time pairs specified to the force command must be listed in
increasing order of time. For example, 'force busa 1 10, 0 20, 1 30'.


vsim Message # 3463:
The repeat period must be greater than or equal to the resolution
limit of the simulator.


vsim Message # 3464:
The -repeat period must be greater than or equal to the longest
delay specified in the force command.


vsim Message # 3465:
A negative delay was detected in Verilog code. It is probably a driver
delay on a primitive or in an assign statement. Since a negative delay
cannot be simulated, it is set to zero. Here is a simple example that
will cause this warning to occur:

  module top;
    parameter d = -1;
    wire w;
    assign #d w = 0;
  endmodule

Look for delays controlled by parameters, defparams, or expressions
that could evaluate to a negative value.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnSVTL.


vsim Message # 3466:
The charge on the specified trireg has decayed, so its stored charge
can no longer be determined. This message is controlled by the vsim
option +nowarnDECAY.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 7.15.2 Trireg net charge decay]


vsim Message # 3467:
The value given for the specified modelsim.ini variable is invalid.
The specified default will be used.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim Variables Appendix,
 Preference variables located in INI files Section]


vsim Message # 3468:
The length of the array depicted by the aggregate is greater than the
length of the array subtype context in which it appears.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2 Aggregates]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vsim Message # 3469:
The length of the array depicted by the aggregate is less than the
length of the array subtype context in which it appears.  An element
association with an OTHERS choice can be used to solve this problem.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2 Aggregates]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vsim Message # 3470:
The array index range right bound does not belong to the index subtype
of the base type of the array at this index position.  The length of the
array at this index position is too large to be represented by this
array type.


vsim Message # 3471:
It is an error if either of the bounds of the discrete range does not belong
to the index range of the prefixing array, unless the slice is a null slice.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vsim Message # 3472:
The array length of a formal slice in an association list must be equal
to the array length of the actual with which it is associated.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 4.3.2.2 Association lists]


vsim Message # 3473:
The specified component instance has not been explicitly bound and no
default binding has been found for it. This means that the VHDL design
not only includes neither an explicit configuration specification nor a
component configuration for the specified component instance to indicate
the entity/architecture or configuration to which it would be bound, but
also that no default binding could be applied.  A default binding would
apply if an entity of the same name as the component, having ports and
generics matching those of the component declaration (in name and type),
was found when searching all libraries visible at the point of the
specified component instance.  Simulation can occur, but no VHDL code
will be executed for the unbound component instance; its entity aspect
is OPEN, and it is essentially a null instance.

To fix this problem, either put into the VHDL design a configuration
specification or component configuration that specifies which
entity/architecture or configuration to bind to this component instance,
or compile an entity of the same name as the component, having ports and
generics matching those of the component declaration, along with at
least one architecture for this entity into a library that is visible at
the place of the component instance. You may need to add a LIBRARY clause
to the entity and/or architecture containing the unbound component to
make the library and component visible.

When searching for a default binding, a matching entity is one for
which all ports and generics match those of the component declaration
in name, mode, and type; additionally, this entity must have at least
one architecture associated with it at the time the match is
considered.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 5.2.2 Default binding indication]


vsim Message # 3474:
The parameter value of the specified predefined attribute is outside
the range of the type of the prefix.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vsim Message # 3475:
If the type mark of a type conversion denotes a constrained array
subtype, a check is made that for each element of the operand array
there must be a matching element of the target subtype, and vice versa.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions]


vsim Message # 3476:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.1 Constant and variable parameters, line 76:
  For a formal [constant or variable] parameter of a constrained array
  subtype of mode in or inout, it is an error if the value of the
  associated actual parameter (after application of any conversion
  function or type conversion present in the actual part) does not
  contain a matching element for each element of the formal.
  [For a formal variable parameter of a constrained array subtype of
   mode inout or out, it is an error if the value of the associated
   actual parameter (after application of any conversion function or
   type conversion in the formal part) does not contain a matching
   element for each element of the formal.]

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 119:
  If an actual signal is associated with a formal signal parameter, and
  if the formal is of a constrained array subtype, then it is an error
  if the actual does not contain a matching element for each element of
  the formal.


vsim Message # 3477:
An actual associated with a formal port must be of the same size
as the formal port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 4.3.2.2 Association lists]


vsim Message # 3478:
The 'DRIVING attribute must be TRUE at the time of the evaluation
of 'DRIVING_VALUE.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vsim Message # 3479:
The design contains a TIME literal whose time unit is less than the
effective simulator time resolution value.  Such a time value will be
rounded to the nearest multiple of the effective time resolution value.


vsim Message # 3480:
It is an error if execution of a function completes by any means
other than the execution of a RETURN statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.12 Return statement]


vsim Message # 3481:
The CASE statement expression value did not match any of the choices
given in the case statement alternatives, and there was no OTHERS
choice.  This suggests that not all the choices were locally static
(an LRM non-compliance we allow), which would preclude the compiler
from determining case choice coverage.
This error can also occur in a selected signal assignment statement
because it is converted to an equivalent CASE statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]


vsim Message # 3482:
Delays must be greater than or equal to zero.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.4.1 Updating a projected output waveform]


vsim Message # 3483:
Delays in a signal assignment statement must be specified in
increasing order of time.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.4.1 Updating a projected output waveform]


vsim Message # 3484:
The output of the -tcl option to the 'write report' command cannot
be written to a file.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - write report command]


vsim Message # 3485:
Due to limitations in the specified PLI function on 64-bit platforms
you must use a different function to access string values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3486:
The object handle passed to acc_fetch_defname() must be a handle to a
Verilog module or primitive instance or a VHDL architecture instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.13 acc_fetch_defname()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3487:
The specified parameter passed to the specified function must be a
handle to a Verilog module instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3488:
The object handle passed to acc_fetch_direction() must be a handle to
a Verilog port, port bit, or terminal, or a VHDL port signal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.16 acc_fetch_direction()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3489:
The pathio handle passed to acc_fetch_edge() must be a handle to a
Verilog module path input or output or a timing check terminal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.17 acc_fetch_edge()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3490:
The object handle passed to acc_fetch_index() must be a handle to a
Verilog port or primitive terminal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.20 acc_fetch_index()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3491:
The parameter handle passed to acc_fetch_paramtype(),
acc_fetch_paramval(), or acc_fetch_paramval_str() must be a handle
to a Verilog parameter or specparam.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 19.23 acc_fetch_paramtype(),
 19.24 acc_fetch_paramval()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3492:
The path handle passed to acc_fetch_polarity() must be a handle
to a Verilog module path or data path.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.25 acc_fetch_polarity()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3493:
The vector handle passed to acc_fetch_range() must be a handle
to a Verilog net, register, or port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.28 acc_fetch_range()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3494:
The vector handle passed to acc_fetch_size() must be a handle to a
Verilog net, register, or port, or a bit-select of a net, register,
or port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.29 acc_fetch_size()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3495:
The format parameter passed to acc_fetch_value() must be one of:
  "%b", "%d", "%h", "%o", "%v", "%%"
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.36 acc_fetch_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3496:
The object handle passed to acc_fetch_value() must be a handle to a
Verilog net, register, variable, terminal, parameter, specparam,
or constant.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.36 acc_fetch_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3497:
The format specified was accVectorVal but the value->value.vector
field passed to acc_fetch_value() or acc_set_value() was NULL.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 19.36 acc_fetch_value(),
 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3498:
Since acc_fetch_value() can return the strength value for only one
bit, the object handle must be a handle to a scalar object.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.36 acc_fetch_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3499:
A handle to a net can be passed to acc_set_value() only when the
delay model is set to accForceFlag or accReleaseFlag.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3500:
Forcing of atomic vector nets is not supported. If you want to force
a vector net, recompile the design with the -noatomic compiler option.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3501:
Bit-selects of registers, sequential UDPs, and user-defined system
functions can have their values set only with delay model accNoDelay.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3502:
The object handle parameter passed to acc_set_value() must be a
handle to a Verilog net, register, variable, or sequential UDP.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3503:
The valid accScalarVal values are: acc0, acc1, accZ, and accX.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3504:
An invalid value was passed in for the specified type of string.
Valid binary      characters are: 0, 1, x, X, z, Z, ?, _
Valid octal       characters are: 0-7, x, X, z, Z, ?, _
Valid decimal     characters are: 0-9, _
Valid hexadecimal characters are: 0-9, a-f, A-F, x, X, z, Z, ?, _
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3505:
An invalid value format was passed in the value parameter format field.
Valid values are:
  accScalarVal  accVectorVal  accIntVal     accRealVal    accStringVal
  accBinStrVal  accOctStrVal  accDecStrVal  accHexStrVal
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3506:
An invalid time type was passed in the delay parameter time type field.
Valid values are: accTime, accSimTime, and accRealTime.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3507:
An invalid delay model was passed in the delay parameter model field.
Valid models are:
  accNoDelay  accInertialDelay  accTransportDelay  accPureTransportDelay
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.96 acc_set_value()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3508:
The object handle parameter to acc_append_delays(), acc_fetch_delays(),
and acc_replace_delays() must be a handle to a Verilog port, primitive,
module or intermodule path, or timing check.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 19.1 acc_append_delays(),
 19.15 acc_fetch_delays(),
 19.90 acc_replace_delays()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3509:
The specified parameter to the specified function must be a handle to
a Verilog module path.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3510:
The reject percentage parameter to acc_set_pulsere() must be a
real number in the range 0.0 to 1.0 inclusive.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.94 acc_set_pulsere()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3511:
The error percentage parameter to acc_set_pulsere() must be a real
number in the range 0.0 to 1.0 inclusive and must be greater than or
equal to the reject percentage.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.94 acc_set_pulsere()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3512:
The scope handle parameter to acc_handle_by_name() must be either a
handle to a scope object or NULL.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.38 acc_handle_by_name()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3513:
The path handle parameter to acc_handle_condition() must be a handle
to a Verilog module path, data path, or timing check terminal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.40 acc_handle_condition()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3514:
The terminal handle parameter to acc_handle_conn() must be a handle to
a Verilog primitive terminal, path terminal, or timing check terminal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.41 acc_handle_conn()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3515:
The port ref handle parameter to acc_handle_hiconn() and
acc_handle_loconn() must be a handle to a Verilog scalar module
port or a bit-select of a vector port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 19.43 acc_handle_hiconn(),
 19.45 acc_handle_loconn()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3516:
The specified parameter to the specified function must be a handle
to a Verilog net.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3517:
The specified parameter to the specified function must specify the
name of a Verilog net.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3518:
The tchk parameter to acc_handle_notifier() must be a handle to
a Verilog timing check.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.47 acc_handle_notifier()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3519:
The port input handle parameter to acc_handle_path() must be a handle
to a Verilog scalar input or bidirectional port, or one bit of a vector
input or bidirectional port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.50 acc_handle_path()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3520:
The timing check type parameter to acc_handle_tchk() must be one of
the following:
  accHold    accNochange  accPeriod     accRecovery  accRemoval
  accRecrem  accSetup     accSetuphold  accSkew      accWidth
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.56 acc_handle_tchk()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3521:
The timing check parameter to the specified function must be a handle
to a Verilog timing check.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3522:
The primitive handle parameter to acc_handle_terminal() must be a
handle to a Verilog primitive.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.59 acc_handle_terminal()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3523:
The specified parameter to the specified function must be a handle to
a Verilog or VHDL scope.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3524:
The reference_handle parameter to acc_next_bit() must be a handle to
a Verilog vector port or vector net.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.64 acc_next_bit()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3525:
The specified parameter to the specified function must be a handle to
a Verilog port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3526:
The reference handle parameter to the specified function must be a
handle to a Verilog module instance or a VHDL architecture instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3527:
The reference handle parameter to acc_next_port() must be a handle to
a Verilog module instance or net or a VHDL architecture instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3528:
The reference handle parameter to acc_next_terminal() must be a
handle to a Verilog primitive or UDP.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.83 acc_next_terminal()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3529:
The call to the specified PLI function was not made from within a system
task/function instance, therefore the function cannot perform its
operations. The tf_getinstance() function can be used to determine if
the PLI code has been called from within a system task/function instance.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - PLI Sections 17-21]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3530:
An invalid value was given for the specified configuration parameter.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.6 acc_configure()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3531:
An invalid value was specified for the vcl_flag parameter. The valid
values are: vcl_verilog_logic or vcl_verilog_strength.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 19.97 acc_vcl_add()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3532:
The object handle parameter passed to the specified vcl function must be
a handle to a Verilog register, net, variable, port, terminal, or event.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 19.97 acc_vcl_add(),
 19.98 acc_vcl_delete()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3533:
Either all 32 mcd file channels are in use, so another mcd file cannot
be opened, or some problem was encountered when trying to open the file,
in which case further information might be displayed after this message.
This warning is controlled by the +nowarnFOFIW vsim option.


vsim Message # 3534:
Some problem was encountered when trying to open the specified file for
reading. Verify that the file exists and that the permissions allow you
to read the file. Additional information might be displayed after this
message. This warning is controlled by the +nowarnFOFIR vsim option.


vsim Message # 3535:
Some problem was encountered when trying to open the specified file for
appending. Verify that the file exists and that the permissions allow
you to write to the file. Additional information might be displayed
after this message. This warning is controlled by the +nowarnFOFIA
vsim option.


vsim Message # 3536:
The level (1st) argument to $dumpvars() and $fdumpvars() must be an
integer greater than or equal to zero.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3537:
For $dumpvars(), $fdumpvars() and $wlfdumpvars(), the arguments after
the level argument must be either variables or module instances.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3538:
The file size argument to $dumplimit(), $dumpportslimit(), and
$fdumplimit() must be an integer greater than or equal to zero. This
number specifies the maximum size of the VCD file in bytes. When the
size of the VCD file reaches this number of bytes, the dumping stops
and a comment is inserted in the VCD file indicating the dump limit
was reached.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3539:
The length of an array subelement of a formal record port is different
from the length of the corresponding record subelement of the local
component port, even though the actual for the port is open.  The two
record objects can be connected only if the lengths of all embedded
array subelements (including those contained in record type subelements
of the enclosing record type) are equal at each index position in the
array subtype.  The port map aspect rules apply in both the actual-to-local
port connection and the local-to-formal port connection.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.2.4 The port map aspect]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 9.6.1 Instantiation of a component]


vsim Message # 3540:
The length of an array subelement of a record actual connected to a
record port is different from the length of the corresponding record
subelement of the port.  Two record objects can be connected only if the
lengths of all embedded array subelements (including those contained
in record type subelements of the enclosing record type) are equal at
each index position in the array subtype.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.3.5 Port map aspect]


vsim Message # 3541:
No files have been opened with $dumpports(), therefore there are no
files to which the limit can be applied.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3542:
It is an error if the L parameter (of type LINE) in a call to a
TEXTIO READ procedure contains the null access value.  The value of the
parameter must designate a string from which to extract a value.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3543:
The L parameter (of type LINE) of a call to a TEXTIO READ procedure
designates either a string containing no characters or containing only
whitespace.  A READ call does not succeed if no sequence of characters
can be removed from L to form a valid string representation of the
value of the specified output parameter type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3544:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read a BIT value, but found some
other value instead.  Valid BIT values are 0 and 1.  No leading or
trailing quotation characters are present.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3545:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read a BOOLEAN value, but found
some other value instead.  Valid BOOLEAN values are the identifiers
FALSE and TRUE (case insensitive).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3546:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read an INTEGER value, but found
some other value instead.  An INTEGER value comprises an optional
leading sign (+ or -) followed by a sequence of 1 or more digits 0-9
possibly interspersed with underline characters, optionally followed
by an exponent.  A decimal point is not considered to be a part of the
string representation of an INTEGER value.
The exponent, if present, is represented by the character 'E' or 'e',
followed optionally by a + sign, followed by a sequence of 1 or
more digits 0-9.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 13.4.1 Decimal literals]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3547:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read a REAL value, but found some
other value instead.  A REAL value comprises an optional leading sign
(+ or -) followed by a sequence of 1 or more digits 0-9 possibly
interspersed with underline characters, a decimal point, and another
sequence of 1 or more digits 0-9 possibly interspersed with underline
characters, optionally followed by an exponent.  The decimal point
(followed immediately by at least one digit) is required.
The exponent, if present, is represented by the character 'E' or 'e',
followed optionally by a sign (+ or -), followed by a sequence of 1 or
more digits 0-9.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 13.4.1 Decimal literals]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3548:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read a TIME value, but found some
other value instead. A TIME value comprises an optional integer or real
decimal literal with trailing whitespace, followed by a TIME unit
identifier.  The integer or real literal, when present, is optionally
preceded immediately by a sign character (+ or -).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 13.4.1 Decimal literals]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3549:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read a bit vector or string of
a given length, but found a smaller number of legal characters.
A READ does not succeed if the sequence of characters removed from the
string designated by parameter L does not contain VALUE'LENGTH
characters.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3550:
A TEXTIO READ procedure expected to read a STD_ULOGIC or
STD_ULOGIC_VECTOR value, but found some other value instead.
Valid STD_ULOGIC values are:
  'U', 'X', '0', '1', 'Z', 'W', 'L', 'H', '-'


vsim Message # 3551:
A TEXTIO procedure read past the end of the specified file. Use the
ENDFILE function to check for an end-of-file condition before reading.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.3 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 3552:
The string parameter to the predefined attribute 'VALUE could not be
interpreted as the string representation of an enumeration literal that
belongs to the enumeration type or subtype denoted by the prefix of the
attribute name.


vsim Message # 3553:
No valid unit name was specified in a physical type value string.
A string representation of a value of a physical type may be
expressed using any of the unit names of the physical type, with or
without a leading abstract literal.  The string must have whitespace
between any abstract literal and the unit name.


vsim Message # 3554:
There was no whitespace between the abstract literal and the unit name.
A string representation of a value of a physical type may be
expressed using any of the unit names of the physical type, with or
without a leading abstract literal.  The string must have whitespace
between any abstract literal and the unit name.


vsim Message # 3555:
The identifier is not a unit name of the physical type.
A string representation of a value of a physical type may be
expressed using any of the unit names of the physical type, with or
without a leading abstract literal.  The string must have whitespace
between any abstract literal and the unit name.


vsim Message # 3556:
The value is outside of the range of the physical type.


vsim Message # 3557:
The string parameter to the predefined attribute 'VALUE cannot be
interpreted as a floating point value that belongs to the floating
point type or subtype denoted by the prefix of the attribute name.


vsim Message # 3558:
The string parameter to the predefined attribute 'VALUE cannot be
interpreted as a TIME value that belongs to the TIME type or subtype
denoted by the prefix of the attribute name.


vsim Message # 3559:
An attempt to open a socket with a WDB server failed.


vsim Message # 3560:
A READ procedure expected to read a STD_ULOGIC or
STD_ULOGIC_VECTOR value, but found some other value instead.
Valid STD_ULOGIC values are:
  'U', 'X', '0', '1', 'Z', 'W', 'L', 'H', '-'


vsim Message # 3561:
An object of the specified name could not be found in the design.
Use the structure, signals, and variables windows in the GUI to
verify the existence of and the correct hierarchical name of the
object in question.

If the object is not visible because of an optimization, then it can
be made visible by using one of the following compiler options:
  vcom +acc[=<spec>][+<entity>[(<architecture>)]]
  vlog +acc[=<spec>][+<module>[.]]
See the QuestaSim Command Reference for details on the access options.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3562:
The argument to the $fclose() system task must be either a 32 bit multi channel
descriptor or a 32 bit file descriptor, as returned by the $fopen() system function.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 17.2.1]


vsim Message # 3563:
Valid slice directions are: ':', 'downto', 'to'.


vsim Message # 3564:
Various commands and operations cannot be performed on a NULL slice.
A NULL slice is a slice of an object with a range that is a NULL range.
That is, the range goes from a low number to a high number but the
direction is DOWNTO or the range goes from a high number to a low
number but the direction is TO.


vsim Message # 3565:
The range of a VHDL slice or Verilog part-select must have the same
direction as the bounds of the object that is being sliced.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 4.2.1 Net and register bit-select and part-select addressing]


vsim Message # 3566:
The beginning of a slice or part-select ('(' or '[') was detected,
but the matching closing parenthesis or square bracket was not found.


vsim Message # 3567:
The specified name is not a valid field name for the object type.


vsim Message # 3568:
An attempt was made to use a NULL access value as the prefix of a
selected name, indexed name, slice name, or attribute name.


vsim Message # 3569:
The specified object could not be found in the design. Use the
structure, signals, and variables windows to verify the existence of
and the hierarchical name of the object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3570:
The number of elements in each of the two RECORDs that are to be
connected must match.


vsim Message # 3571:
The type of the specified object is not recognized as a valid type
by the Signal Spy functions.


vsim Message # 3572:
The type and length of two objects that are to be connected must
be compatible.


vsim Message # 3573:
The length of two array objects that are to be connected must be the same.


vsim Message # 3574:
If a Verilog array object is being connected to a VHDL array object,
then the VHDL array must be an enumeration array type of bit_vector
or std_logic_vector. If a Verilog scalar object is being connected to
a VHDL scalar object, then the VHDL scalar must be an enumeration type
of bit or std_logic.


vsim Message # 3575:
Two enumeration type objects that are to be connected must be of
compatible enumeration types. At a minimum they must both have the
same number of enumerations.


vsim Message # 3576:
An incorrect number of arguments was passed to the specified task or
function.


vsim Message # 3577:
A WDB call returned an error.


vsim Message # 3578:
It is an error if the index values defined by choices in an
array aggregate do not belong to the corresponding index range
of the array.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates]


vsim Message # 3579:
An element can be assigned a value in a single assignment, but complete
or partial array dimensions cannot. Also, complete or partial array
dimensions cannot be used to provide a value to an expression. To assign
a value to an element of an array, an index for every dimension must be
specified.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3580:
This warning is issued during elaboration when a process or function
requires a stack frame size exceeding 75% of the current stacksize
limit. Its appearance presages a stack overflow or memory allocation
error during simulation. Process and function stack frames include
parameters, local variables, and compiler-generated temporary variables
and thus vary in size depending on the size and complexity of the
design and the language features used. The UNIX shell limit, unlimit,
or ulimit commands can be used to adjust the current stacksize limit
within bounds set by your system administrator.


vsim Message # 3581:
The elab/checkpoint file contains the necessary information for loading
the design (restoring the simulation state); therefore, any arguments
mentioned are not needed and are ignored.


vsim Message # 3582:
The length of an array subelement of a record actual connected to a
record port is different from the length of the corresponding record
subelement of the port.  Two record objects can be connected only if the
lengths of all embedded array subelements (including those contained
in record type subelements of the enclosing record type) are equal at
each index position in the array subtype.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.3.5 Port map aspect]


vsim Message # 3583:
This is a limitation of QuestaSim. SDF annotation of multi-source
interconnect between ports of mixed language modules (e.g. Verilog to
VHDL) is not currently supported.


vsim Message # 3584:
The given parameter name could not be found in the associated module
instance. The specified parameter override will be ignored.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3585:
Once a parameter is assigned a value, there shall not be another
assignment to this parameter name.


vsim Message # 3586:
When specifying the dimensions of a multidimensional object, all of the
dimensions must be specified and no part-selects (slices) are allowed.
A bit-select or part-select of the element can be specified.


vsim Message # 3587:
This message is printed when an SDF file is successfully annotated to
the design.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Standard Delay Format (SDF) Timing
 Annotation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3588:
mti_CreateDriver() cannot be used to create a driver on a subelement of
a resolved composite signal because of the requirements that a driver
must also be created on the composite itself and drivers must be created
on all subelements of the composite. This cannot be guaranteed through
mti_CreateDriver() because there is no point at which a check can be
made to ensure that all drivers were created properly.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3589:
Using the -gui option when creating an elaboration file is not
permitted. Use the -i option instead.


vsim Message # 3590:
The string literal does not have the same length as its constrained
array subtype.  This can occur when a string literal (or bit string
literal) is associated with a formal whose type is not locally static,
or when the context in which the literal appears is defined by a
non-locally static array type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.1 Literals]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.2.2 Array aggregates]


vsim Message # 3591:
The parameter value of the specified predefined attribute is an
illegal value; the attribute cannot return a legal value given
this parameter as input.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vsim Message # 3592:
The specified object is not supported by the Signal Spy functions.


vsim Message # 3593:
mti_CreateDriver() cannot be used to create a driver on a VHDL port if
the port is not collapsed with the connected signal. A VHDL port is not
collapsed if it is connected to a Verilog signal, if a conversion
function appears in the port map, or if the vsim -nocollapse option is
used.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3594:
The -load_elab option loads an elaboration file created with the -elab
option. Design units can be specified only with the -elab option.


vsim Message # 3595:
The specified type is not supported for attribute recording in the current
transaction engine.  If the attribute does not already exist, it is not
created.  This warning indicates a design error.


vsim Message # 3596:
The left operand (array of arrays) can be concatenated with the right
operand (array) only if the length of the element array of the left
operand is the same as the length of the array of the right operand.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3597:
The left operand (array) can be concatenated with the right operand
(array of arrays) only if the length of the left operand is the same as
the length of the element array of the right operand.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3598:
Two arrays can be concatenated together to form a 2-element array of
arrays only if each of them has the same length.  This check has failed.
After that (see message #3599), this length must match the array length
of the target array's (array) element.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3599:
Two arrays can be concatenated together to form a 2-element array of
arrays only if each of them has the same length (this test has passed,
see message #3598); this length must also match the array length of the
target array's (array) element (this test has failed).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3600:
The -elab_defer_fli option defers all initialization calls to FLI code
during elaboration file creation until an elaboration file is loaded.
Normally, -elab/-elab_cont appears as a checkpoint to the FLI and
-load_elab appears as a restore. Use -elab_defer_fli when the FLI
does not support checkpoint/restore.


vsim Message # 3601:
The simulator iterates at a given simulation time in zero delay until
there is no more activity at that time. In order for it to not hang if
there is a zero-delay oscillation, it limits the number of iterations
to a default of 10 million. If you reach this limit, the simulation will stop
with an error. If you receive this error you can increase the iteration
limit, (via "set IterationLimit <newvalue>") and then try single
stepping to attempt to determine which instances in the design may be
oscillating or run the simulation again with -iterationlimit=f and/or +autofindloop.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Detecting infinite zero-delay loops]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3602:
If an iteration limit error was reached, it may be due to the fact that
delays around a connectivity loop in the design logic may have been
truncated to zero due to the timescale that vsim used. Check the -t
vsim option to make sure that the time resolution is in a small enough
granularity to simulate all of the delays in the design without
truncating them.


vsim Message # 3603:
The simulator detected a connectivity loop in the design that is
oscillating due to the delays being zero, and the loop not settling
out to a stable state. The pathnames to each instance in the
connectivity loop should be displayed along with this message.
The simulation cannot be continued after this error occurs.


vsim Message # 3604:
A problem was encountered while attempting to read the specified type
of data from the specified type of file. Either the file is corrupt or
there is a mismatch in the way that the file is being read as opposed to
the way in which it was written. For example, a mismatch can occur if
foreign code does not read all of its checkpoint data in the same order
in which it was written. This fatal error causes the simulation process
to exit.


vsim Message # 3605:
The slice is a null slice if the direction of the discrete range is not
the same as that of the object denoted by the prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1987 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vsim Message # 3606:
When making a null slice, because the direction of the discrete_range is
different from the direction of the array object denoted by the prefix of
the slice name (see warning message #3605), it is impossible to describe
a null range when the left and right bounds are identical.


vsim Message # 3607:
It is an error if the direction of the discrete range of a slice name
is not the same as that of the index range of the array denoted by the
prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


vsim Message # 3608:
The specified generate object is indexed with a number outside of the
range.


vsim Message # 3609:
Hierarchical references to optimized cell ports must occur after the
cell's instantiation. This can be fixed by moving the reference below
all cell or netlist instantiations. Optimized cell port visibility is
implemented in this manner to conserve memory for unreferenced ports.


vsim Message # 3610:
The value returned via a RETURN statement in a function must belong to
the return type mark of the function.  When the function return type
mark denotes a constrained array subtype, not only must the index range
at every index position of the return value have the same bounds as the
corresponding index range of this subtype, the direction of each index
range must match that of the corresponding range of this subtype.
If this message is a warning, an implicit subtype conversion to the
constrained array subtype denoted by the function return type mark will
be done.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.12 Return statement]


vsim Message # 3611:
A top-level design unit requires language specific licensing.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3612:
Instantiation of the specified design unit failed due to a licensing error.


vsim Message # 3613:
Instantiation of a Verilog optimized cell as design top-level is not
supported in QuestaSim simulation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3614:
An internal error occurred while processing a generate loop.
Please report this error at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim Message # 3615:
A genvar value must not contain any unknown or 3-state bits.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 12.1.3.1]


vsim Message # 3616:
Setuphold and recrem checks are modified if the sum of the setup and hold
constraints is negative. The negative limit(s) are set to zero.
A warning message is issued for each check that is disabled.
This warning is controlled by the vsim option +ntc_warn.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3617:
A null instance path was specified to the coverage_data command.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Code Coverage Chapter]


vsim Message # 3618:
When forming a null array value, the base type of the index subtype of
the array type must have at least 2 values.  The pathological case here
is that the index subtype of the array type is an enumeration type with
only one enumeration literal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.2 Literals]


vsim Message # 3619:
Multiple drivers on a specify path destination port are illegal according
to the IEEE 1364 Standard. (NOTE: If some of the drivers are embedded in
hierarchical instances, the filename and/or the line number reported will
be incorrect. In this case the 'Region' information must be used to go up
the instance hierarchy to find the module that has the reported error).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM - 13.3.1 Module path restrictions]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - 14.2.1 Module path restrictions]


vsim Message # 3620:
A specify path destination port(SPDP) with no drivers on it is most likely
unintended. An SPDP driven by a bidirectional switch will also cause the
corresponding path delays to be ineffective.


vsim Message # 3621:
The index does not belong to the range of the generate parameter of the
specified FOR GENERATE statement.  The equivalent block corresponding to
the for generate statement for the given index does not exist.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 3622:
The +pulse_r/<percent> option sets the module path pulse rejection
limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be
a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3623:
The +pulse_e/<percent> option sets the module path pulse error limit
as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be a
number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3624:
The +pulse_int_r/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
rejection limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the
value must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3625:
The +pulse_int_e/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
error limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value
must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3626:
Detected an error while applying a multisource interconnect delay.
This may be due to any of the following reasons:
- Applying multisource INTERCONNECT delay to an unconnected IO port.
- Applying PORT and multisource INTERCONNECT delay to the same port.


vsim Message # 3627:
The input data file or fill pattern was not specified.


vsim Message # 3628:
The input data file contains an unterminated comment.


vsim Message # 3629:
The input data file contains a syntax error or an invalid entry.


vsim Message # 3630:
A leading underscore is not allowed in an address or data specification.


vsim Message # 3631:
An illegal character for an address value was found in the input data file.


vsim Message # 3632:
An illegal character for the specified radix was found in the input data file.


vsim Message # 3633:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.2.1.1 Index constraints and discrete ranges, line 361:
  An index constraint is compatible with the [array] type denoted by the
  type mark if and only if the constraint defined by each discrete range
  is compatible with the corresponding index subtype [of the array type].


vsim Message # 3634:
At most one instance can be specified for this command.


vsim Message # 3635:
It is an error to have duplicate covergroup instance names, since the
downstream coverage tool can not preserve or analyze the coverage data.
The tool has chosen to generate a unique name automatically to avoid the conflict.
Use -pedanticerror switch to avoid the renaming, and catch this as a fatal eror.


vsim Message # 3636:
The specified region must point to a unique memory or a module that
contains just one memory.


vsim Message # 3637:
Connected user-defined nets must have the exact same nettype.


vsim Message # 3638:
Radices can be specified only for file format 'mti'.


vsim Message # 3639:
The radix was specified incorrectly.


vsim Message # 3640:
The valid values are mti, hexadecimal, and binary.


vsim Message # 3641:
Only one memory can be specified for this command.


vsim Message # 3642:
Memory must be specified.


vsim Message # 3643:
The words per line value must be a positive integer.


vsim Message # 3644:
A required option is missing.


vsim Message # 3645:
The size and count parameters to mti_CreateEnumType() must be an integer
greater than 0. The literals parameter cannot be NULL.
[DOC: QuestaSim Foreign Language Interface Manual - mti_CreateEnumType()]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3646:
The -togglemaxintvalues option controls the maximum number of integer values
that are tracked by toggle coverage. Coverage of an integer means keeping track
of each value the integer assumes along with an associated count. The default is
100 values.


vsim Message # 3647:
The -togglecountlimit option controls the maximum number of counts
that are tracked by toggle coverage. Once this limit is reached, further
activity on the signal is ignored.


vsim Message # 3648:
The valid options are 'value', 'inc', 'dec', and 'rand'.


vsim Message # 3649:
The valid values for the -skip option are integers greater than zero.


vsim Message # 3650:
Either specify the format or make sure the data file contains an mti
format header.


vsim Message # 3651:
The formats from the command line and the specified file do not match.


vsim Message # 3652:
The address is invalid or out of bounds.


vsim Message # 3653:
The fill pattern was not specified even though -filltype was specified.


vsim Message # 3654:
The specified value is not a legal value for this signal.


vsim Message # 3655:
Registers with more bits than togglewidthlimit will not be tracked for
toggle coverage.


vsim Message # 3656:
The checkpoint function attempted to write the given amount of data
to the checkpoint file, but only succeeded in writing a smaller amount.
This was either because of some error, which should be reported following
this message, or some system file limit was exceeded. Possible limits are
process file size limit (see "getrlimit" and "ulimit" under UNIX
systems), free space available on the device, or some other system imposed
limit.


vsim Message # 3657:
An illegal character for the specified radix was found in the input data file.


vsim Message # 3658:
An illegal radix character was found in the data word.


vsim Message # 3659:
The width of the data is larger than the width of the memory word.


vsim Message # 3660:
The specified value is not legal for the specified filldata.


vsim Message # 3661:
This is a catch-all message for the change command. The messages should
be self-explanatory.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - change command]


vsim Message # 3662:
Based on the SDF construct at the specified file/line, the
specified generic should be of the specified type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3663:
The specified object was found in the design but it is not a memory.
If this object is a VHDL string, check PrefMemory(ShowVHDLStringAsMem) setting.


vsim Message # 3664:
The specified path does not have any memory object.


vsim Message # 3665:
Multiple top level models are allowed only in configurations that are used as
the top level design unit. Configurations that are instantiated in a design
can have only a single top level module specified in the design statement.


vsim Message # 3666:
The compress option of the mem save command is allowed only for the MTI format.


vsim Message # 3667:
Automatic task/function items can not be accessed by hierarchical references
according to the IEEE 1364 Standard.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - 12.4 Hierarchical names]


vsim Message # 3668:
The bootstrap shared library is loaded based on an attribute specified in the
Verilog source code. Check the attribute value of "questa_bootstrap_so".


vsim Message # 3669:
A problem occurred when trying to open the VCD file.
The effect is that VCD data will not be saved in the checkpoint file.


vsim Message # 3670:
A problem occurred while copying the VCD file into the checkpoint file.


vsim Message # 3671:
The find pattern was not specified.


vsim Message # 3672:
An illegal radix character was found in the find/replace pattern.


vsim Message # 3673:
An illegal character for the specified radix was found
in the specified pattern.


vsim Message # 3674:
A -vcdstim argument must be of one of the following forms:
  -vcdstim <vcd file>
  -vcdstim /=<vcd file>
  -vcdstim <instance pathname>=<vcd file>
The first two forms apply the stimulus from the vcd file to the
top-level of the design.  The third form replaces the designated instance
with stimulus from the corresponding vcd file.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3675:
The shared library for the specified design unit could not be
found for loading. Verify that the design unit has been compiled into
the correct library and that the library is mapped correctly. (Check the
modelsim.ini file.) The vlib command creates QuestaSim libraries and the
vmap command maps them.


vsim Message # 3676:
The shared library for the specified design unit could not be
loaded. Verify that the design unit has been compiled into
the correct library and that the library is mapped correctly. (Check the
modelsim.ini file.) The vlib command creates QuestaSim libraries and the
vmap command maps them. Also verify that you are running on the same
platform on which you compiled the design.  You can use the
"vdel -allsystemc" command to clean all SystemC objects out of
your library in case you need to recompile.

Tools like c++filt and nm can be used to debug such cases.
c++filt demangles the compiler generated mangled symbol names in valid C++
syntax. c++filt needs to be compatible with the compiler used to compile the
design. In essence it is important that both the binaries be from the same release.
Grepping for the demangled demangled symbol name would help locate the erroneous code.
In some cases however, c++filt won't be able to demangle the name properly. For example,
when the virtual table of a class is not correct, a symbol is undefined. The symbol might
be something like "_ZTV4proc". This symbol is for the virtual table of the class proc.
In most cases the class name is embedded in the symbol. A virtual table of a class might
be undefined if a virtual function of the class is left undefined. If the undefined symbol
is not in the user's source code, then it must be getting linked  from either the
libraries(.a, .so) or object files(.o) that the user is linking during 'sccom -link' or it
is being linked in from the QuestaSim libraries. In this scenario, nm can be used to determine
the object file or library that contains reference to the particular symbol

Some of the common cases that can lead to undefined symbols are:
- Missing definition of a function/variable.
- Object file or library containing the defined symbol is not linked.
- Mixing of C and C++ compilers to compile a testcases.
- Mixing object files/libraries created by different versions of the compiler.
Use 'ldd' to figure out the dynamic dependencies of the shared object.
'man ldd' to get more information on ldd usage.


vsim Message # 3677:
All SystemC modules on the top of the design and those instantiated
by HDL design units should be exported using the SC_MODULE_EXPORT macro.
If the compiled design unit is in a different SystemC shared library than
the one that is loaded, please use the -sclib option to specify the library
that contains the correct SystemC shared library. By default the systemc.so
shared library is loaded from the library in which the top level SystemC
design unit is compiled


vsim Message # 3678:
Make sure that the SystemC library from the QuestaSim installation
is used to create the SystemC shared library.


vsim Message # 3679:
There was a problem opening the VCD file that was open during the
corresponding checkpoint.  Verify that the file path exists and that
you have read permission in the directory.


vsim Message # 3680:
Value change callbacks are not allowed for automatic variables
declared within a task or function.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - 10.2.3 Task memory usage and concurrent activation]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3681:
In order to successfully look up type information for a SystemC port or
channel, the runtime name (the name passed to the constructor) should
match the C++ declared name.  Although the simulator performs automatic
name-binding to match names to objects, it might still fail in some
cases. In those cases the channel or port must be constructed using
an explicit name that matches the declared name.


vsim Message # 3682:
At the SystemC HDL boundary, all ports must be bound.


vsim Message # 3683:
The values returned by namespace functions had some error.


vsim Message # 3684:
The specified string is either not a valid source file path,
or contains no executable statements,
or has already been excluded.


vsim Message # 3685:
The width of a SystemC port must match the width of the Verilog port(s)
to which it is connected.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3686:
The allowed SystemC types for Verilog connection are: sc_bit, sc_bv<W>,
sc_logic, sc_lv<W>, sc_int<W>, sc_uint<W>, bool, char, unsigned char,
int, unsigned int, long and unsigned long.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3687:
A SystemC port cannot be connected to a Verilog object
that is not a net.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-1995 Verilog LRM -
 12.3.6 Connecting dissimilar ports,
 12.3.7 Port connection rules]


vsim Message # 3688:
Please check the list of supported types at the SystemC/HDL boundary.


vsim Message # 3689:
When a VHDL or Verilog vector signal is connected to a SystemC vector
signal, the width of both objects must be the same.


vsim Message # 3690:
When a VHDL or Verilog vector signal is connected to a SystemC native C type
signal, the width of the HDL signal must match the number of bits of the SystemC
signal data type. Similarly, when a VHDL integer/real signal is connected to a
SystemC vector signal, the width of the SystemC vector signal must match the
number of bits of the HDL signal.


vsim Message # 3691:
While creating an instance of a system task, it was found that a
system function of that name was registered either through the PLI
or as a built-in systf. If you wish to correctly use the system
function here, you should set the return value from the system
function to a Verilog variable.


vsim Message # 3692:
The name passed to the constructor of the channel/port in the C++ source
code must match with the name used at the Verilog instantiation site.


vsim Message # 3693:
The time resolution can be set in SystemC by using the
sc_set_time_resolution() function in a SystemC module constructor.
If only VHDL units are present in the design or if the resolution is
not set explicitly in SystemC, then the default resolution is chosen.
The default time resolution can be changed by setting the Resolution
variable in the modelsim.ini file. All resolution settings can be
overwritten by using the vsim -t command line option.


vsim Message # 3694:
A module instantiated with an implicit port connection (.*) was unable to
find a matching port, net, variable name or interface instance in the
instantiating scope that matches a port name inside the instantiated
module. There must be a port, net, variable or interface instance
with the same name, type, and size declared in the scope
that instantiates a module with the implicit port connection operator.


vsim Message # 3695:
An interface port must be passed an actual that is an interface.


vsim Message # 3696:
For the readmem command, the address format for 3D memories is not
specified. In case of dynamic arrays of dynamic arrays or any combination
of dynamic and unpacked arrays, only the MTI format can be used.


vsim Message # 3697:
An interface port must be passed an actual that is the same interface.


vsim Message # 3698:
An interface array port must be passed an actual that is an interface
array of the same size.


vsim Message # 3699:
Too many indices were used in an external array reference.


vsim Message # 3700:
An attempt was made to index an object that is not an array.


vsim Message # 3701:
An unknown reference to a field/method was made.


vsim Message # 3702:
An object of an access type or of a composite type that has a subelement
of an access type must be of class VARIABLE.
Signals, Constants and Generics may not be of an access type or of a
composite type that contains an access type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 6.4.2.2 Constant declarations,
                                    6.4.2.3 Signal declarations]


vsim Message # 3703:
Currently mem commands use MEM_MAX_DIM as 32.


vsim Message # 3704:
When instantiated from VHDL, a SystemC port must be connected to a VHDL
signal or left open. It cannot be connected to a VHDL literal.


vsim Message # 3705:
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 6.3 Subtype declarations:
  A subtype indication denoting an access type, a file type, or a
  protected type shall not contain a resolution function.
There is a resolution function present in a subtype indication that
denotes an interface type.  Since the actual type associated with the
interface type is an access type, the above rule about a subtype
indication not containing a resolution function has been violated.


vsim Message # 3706:
A type conversion is attempting to convert a floating point value that
is outside the range of numbers that can be represented by the indicated
target type.  This message can also occur when an expression of type
STD.STANDARD.TIME has floating point operations in it.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3707:
A VHDL scalar signal can be connected to a SystemC port only if the
SystemC port is a scalar. A VHDL vector signal can be connected to a
SystemC port only if the SystemC port is a vector.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and SystemC Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3708:
The atomic object must be operated on as a whole.


vsim Message # 3709:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 115:
  If an actual signal is associated with a signal parameter of any mode,
  and if the type of the formal is a scalar type, then it is an error if
  the bounds and direction of the subtype denoted by the subtype
  indication of the formal are not identical to the bounds and direction
  of the subtype denoted by the subtype indication of the actual.


vsim Message # 3710:
The evaluation of a qualified expression evaluates the operand and
checks that its value belongs to the subtype denoted by the type mark.
For array subtypes this means that at each position in the index
constraint, the index ranges must match.
This is technically an error and the simulator has produced this runtime
error.  This error can be suppressed or downgraded, in which case a
subtype conversion will occur, just as though the VHDL 2008 rules were
in effect.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.4 Qualified expressions]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3711:
In a type conversion between array types, a check is made that any
constraint on the element subtype is the same for the operand array type
as for the target array type.
For an element subtype that is a scalar subtype, the bounds of
the range constraint must match those of the subtype of the operand.
For an element subtype that is an array subtype, the bounds of
each index range in the index constraint must match those of the
operand; similarly for an element subtype that is a record subtype that
has elements of an array type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions]


vsim Message # 3712:
If the type mark of a type conversion denotes a constrained array
subtype, a check is made that for each element of the operand array
there must be a matching element of the target subtype, and vice versa.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.5 Type conversions]


vsim Message # 3713:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.1 Constant and variable parameters, line 76:
  For a formal [constant or variable] parameter of a constrained array
  subtype of mode in or inout, it is an error if the value of the
  associated actual parameter (after application of any conversion
  function or type conversion present in the actual part) does not
  contain a matching element for each element of the formal.

  [For a formal variable parameter of a constrained array subtype of
   mode inout or out, it is an error if the value of the associated
   actual parameter (after application of any conversion function or
   type conversion in the formal part) does not contain a matching
   element for each element of the formal.]

IEEE Std 1076-1993, 2.1.1.2 Signal parameters, line 119:
  If an actual signal is associated with a formal signal parameter, and
  if the formal is of a constrained array subtype, then it is an error
  if the actual does not contain a matching element for each element of
  the formal.


vsim Message # 3714:
Many operations require that two array values or a constrained array
subtype and an array value have the same length at every index position
in the index constraint, i.e., they satisfy the matching element
requirement.


vsim Message # 3715:
Array index values are represented as 32-bit signed integers.
Computation of an index value has resulted in an overflow; that is, the
index value cannot be represented in 32 bits.  This can occur when
an array type has an index subtype of INTEGER and a null array value of
this type has been computed.


vsim Message # 3716:
The SystemC library or header files might change between QuestaSim releases
causing a previously compiled SystemC shared library to be incompatible. The
shared library needs to be recreated by doing "sccom -link".


vsim Message # 3717:
The name of the channel/port variable in the C++ source code
must match with the name used at the VHDL instantiation site.


vsim Message # 3718:
QuestaSim no longer supports SDF files compressed in the Unix compress
format (.Z), but now supports the GNU zip format (.gz).  Therefore,
QuestaSim will read in compressed SDF files that are created with GNU zip
(gzip) only.  QuestaSim does not require the file to have a .gz extension,
but it will generate an error for files that do have a .Z extension.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3719:
The design cannot be checkpointed at this time because DPI context import
tasks are active. To checkpoint, please run simulation until no import tasks
are active and then checkpoint the simulation. If the active processes that
that have called import tasks are not displayed with the error message,
please compile the design with +acc=l.


vsim Message # 3720:
The number of words in the replace pattern must be the same as the search pattern.


vsim Message # 3721:
Only one specified radix in the search pattern is allowed.


vsim Message # 3722:
The specified port is not connected.  See previous error (#3017) for more
information. This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vsim Message # 3723:
The +pulse_r/<percent> option sets the module path pulse rejection
limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be
a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3724:
The +pulse_e/<percent> option sets the module path pulse error limit
as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value must be a
number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3725:
The +pulse_int_r/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
rejection limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the
value must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3726:
The +pulse_int_e/<percent> option sets the interconnect path pulse
error limit as a percentage of the path delay, therefore the value
must be a number in the range 0 to 100 inclusive.


vsim Message # 3727:
It is an error if any element of the result of a concatenation does not
belong to the element subtype of the type of the result. An array whose
element subtype is an array is being concatenated with an operand that
is of the element type.  It is necessary that the length of the operand
match that of the element subtype.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3728:
The specified task was used in a place where only a function is legal.
Most likely, it appeared within an expression or within a function body.


vsim Message # 3729:
The value either does not belong to the range defined by the range
constraint of a scalar subtype or is not a legal position number in an
enumeration type.


vsim Message # 3730:
An index must be specified as (<index>) and a field must be specified with .<field>.


vsim Message # 3731:
It is an error if the direction of the index range of an aggregate is
determined by the context, and an element association has a choice that
is a discrete range and an expression that is of the type of the
aggregate, and the direction of the discrete range differs from that of
the index range of the aggregate.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 9.3.3.3 Array aggregates]


vsim Message # 3732:
In a default binding, one or more PORTs on the component could not be
found on the associated ENTITY.
The ENTITY cannot be bound to this component instance.


vsim Message # 3733:
In a default binding, one or more GENERICs on the component could not be
found on the associated ENTITY, which itself has at least one GENERIC.
The ENTITY cannot be bound to this component instance.


vsim Message # 3734:
The index value must belong to both the corresponding index subtype of
the base array type and the corresponding index range of the constrained
array subtype. This particular dynamic dimension or access type object may
not be allocated.


vsim Message # 3735:
The index value must belong to both the corresponding index subtype of
the base array type and the corresponding index range of the constrained
array subtype.


vsim Message # 3736:
The parameter to the 'VALUE predefined attribute was a null string
or contained only whitespace.


vsim Message # 3737:
The value does not belong to the range defined by the range constraint
of the enumeration subtype.


vsim Message # 3738:
A locally static error that otherwise would have been reported by the
compiler has been deferred until simulation because the expression in
which it occurs appears in a context whose reachability could not be
determined by the compiler.


vsim Message # 3739:
It is an error if an element of the result of a concatenation does not
belong to the element subtype of the type of the result. An array whose
element subtype is itself an array is being concatentated with an
operand that is of the (array) element type. It is necessary that the
length of the operand match that of the element subtype (which is an
array).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.2.4 Adding operators]


vsim Message # 3740:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3741:
A choice given in a case generate alternative was a null range.
This choice will never match the selector expression value and will
otherwise have no effect.
This is for information only, but the legality of this choice is not
well determined.


vsim Message # 3742:
All elements of an array aggregate must belong to the element subtype
of the array type.  Thus, if the element subtype is itself an array,
all of the elements of the aggregate must be arrays that have the same
index range (bounds and direction) and hence also the same length at
each index position.  This restriction is relaxed so that only the
matching element test need be satisfied; only the array lengths are
checked and an implicit subtype conversion occurs.


vsim Message # 3743:
A DPI task should return a non-zero value only if its invocation of an
exported task has returned a non-zero value, indicating an SV disable has
occurred.


vsim Message # 3744:
A DPI task should return a non-zero value when its invocation of an
exported task returns a non-zero value, indicating an SV disable has occurred.


vsim Message # 3745:
A variable index was detected in a reference to the specified generate
hierarchy. The index must be an integer literal or an expression made up
of them (constant expression).  Note that the index may not contain
parameters.


vsim Message # 3747:
The user-specified function shall either be implemented in DPI C/C++
files that are compiled using vlog or be defined in the precompiled
shared libraries. In the latter case, the precompiled shared libraries
must be loaded using -sv_lib, -sv_root, and -sv_liblist arguments.


vsim Message # 3748:
An error occurred when trying to load the specified object file. Verify
that the object file exists and that you have read permission. Also, if
the reference to the object file contains a reference to an environment
variable, make sure the environment variable has a value.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3749:
An error occurred when trying to load the specified object file. Verify
that the object file exists and that you have read permission. Also, if
the reference to the object file contains a reference to an environment
variable, make sure the environment variable has a value.
[DOC: QuestaSim SystemVerilog DPI Interface Manual - Using the SystemVerilog DPI Section]


vsim Message # 3750:
The file specified using -sv_liblist cannot be opened. This likely means
that the file as specified does not exist, or does not have read permission.


vsim Message # 3751:
The specified bootstrap file did not contain the string '#!SV_LIBRARIES'.
A bootstrap file begins with this magic string, and each following line
contains a path to a shared library, without specifying an extension.
An example bootstrap file might look like:
  #!SV_LIBRARIES
  mylibs/linux/tests1
  mylibs/linux/shifter
  /proj/A/libsys
  /share/sys/linux/lib42
  /usr/local/HW/adders


vsim Message # 3752:
The SystemVerilog DPI calls are detected from outside the SystemVerilog context. This
is an advanced feature and is only allowed when using an extra vsim switch -dpioutoftheblue.


vsim Message # 3754:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, the svSetScope() function can be called only
from within a proper context-based call chain thread. A context call
is defined by using the keyword 'context' when declaring the task or
function in Verilog.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3755:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, the exported tasks or functions can be called
only from within a proper context-based call chain thread. A context call
is defined by using the keyword 'context' when declaring the task or
function in Verilog.


vsim Message # 3756:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, exported tasks can be called only from within
a proper context-based call chain thread. A context call is defined by
using the keyword 'context' when declaring the task or function in Verilog.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3757:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, exported tasks can be called only from within
a proper context-based call chain thread. A context task or function is
defined by using the keyword 'context' when declaring the task or
function in Verilog.


vsim Message # 3758:
A C function is attempting to call an exported task or function that
does not exist in the current scope. This usually either means there is a
typo and a mismatched name, or that the current scope is not properly set
to point to the scope containing the exported task or function. The scope
can be set using the construct:
   svSetScope(svGetScopeFromName("scope.name.to.set"))


vsim Message # 3760:
An exported task or function could not be found within the design.
This may be caused from incompatible C and Verilog, or compilations
that are out-of-date. Recompile all source files if possible.


vsim Message # 3763:
The specified shared library cannot be found. Check the various
vsim -sv* options and make sure that the library actually exists.


vsim Message # 3764:
Since the function's return value is not used, the elaboration process
treats this use as if a void cast has been made on the function call.


vsim Message # 3765:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, user C code is responsible for checking the
disable status after any exported task or function returns. This status
check will determine whether the exported task or function returned due
to a disable. If the return was due to a disable then it is the
responsibility of the user C code to do any necessary cleanup and then
return with the correct status.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3766:
The modport name must refer to one declared in the interface.


vsim Message # 3767:
DPI functions should call only svAckDisabledState if, after invoking a
native function, invoking svIsDisabledState() returns a non-zero value,
indicating an SV disable has occurred.


vsim Message # 3768:
DPI functions must call svAckDisabledState when, after invoking a native
function, invoking svIsDisabledState() returns a non-zero value, indicating
an SV disable has occurred.


vsim Message # 3769:
Functions that return a void result can be invoked as statements but cannot
be invoked as expressions, since void data can neither be assigned nor used
in calculations.


vsim Message # 3770:
The user-specified function shall either be implemented in DPI C/C++
files that are compiled using vlog or be defined in the precompiled
shared libraries. In the latter case, the precompiled shared libraries
must be loaded using -sv_lib, -sv_root, and -sv_liblist arguments.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3771:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, an export task or function can be called only
from within a context import task or function.


vsim Message # 3772:
An error occurred when trying to load the specified object file.
This is likely an internal error that should be reported at
http://supportnet.mentor.com as soon as possible.


vsim Message # 3773:
Although the item exists in the interface, it is not included in
the modport that has been specified.


vsim Message # 3774:
An exported task/function in a modport must be defined in the module
that instantiates the interface with that modport.


vsim Message # 3775:
SystemVerilog allows register ports, but they may only be 'input' or 'output'.


vsim Message # 3776:
The name of the function being exported already exists in the interface.


vsim Message # 3777:
All ports in a Verilog module that is being instantiated from SystemC must
be named. (An unnamed port is created when one comma in a port list
follows another comma with no intervening text.)
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3778:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 4.3.3.1 Object aliases, line 573:
  If the subtype indication denotes a scalar subtype, then the object
  is viewed as if it were of the subtype specified by the subtype
  indication; moreover, it is an error if this subtype does not have
  the same bounds and direction as the subtype denoted by the object
  name.


vsim Message # 3779:
The record value must belong to the record subtype.  This means that all
contained subelements of an array type must have the same index range
bounds and direction as those in the corresponding subelement in the
record subtype.


vsim Message # 3780:
The for-generate loop attempted to create a scope that already exits.
This can be caused by the genvar loop variable wrapping around to a
previous value.


vsim Message # 3781:
The object handle parameter passed to the PLI routine is a
SystemVerilog type.  Handling of these is not specified by the LRM.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3782:
The level specified to the profile report command must be a positive
integer. This number limits the depth of the structural profile report.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - profile report command]


vsim Message # 3783:
This utility returns a zero answer for illegal queries but sensible
queries must specify a size in bits that is greater than zero.
See the standard include file svdpi.h.


vsim Message # 3784:
The utility manipulates vectors that have positive integer lengths.
See the standard include file svdpi.h.


vsim Message # 3785:
A legal packed vector index ranges from 0 to width-1.
See the standard include file svdpi.h.


vsim Message # 3786:
A problem occurred during selection or assignment to sparse memory.
Please report the problem at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim Message # 3787:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3788:
The -check_plusargs switch was used and an unrecognized plusarg was specified.
Generally, any command line argument starting with a '+' is accepted without
warning because the PLI may reference these arguments regardless of whether
QuestaSim recognizes them or not. If a plusarg switch is mistyped it could
result in incorrect behavior, but no warnings.


vsim Message # 3789:
A -voptargs argument must use the following form:
  -voptargs="argument list for vopt"
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 3790:
When using svPutUserData(), SystemVerilog DPI LRM requires that
scope be a non-zero value.


vsim Message # 3791:
When using svPutUserData(), the SystemVerilog DPI LRM advises that
UserData be a non-zero value.


vsim Message # 3792:
For any scope, no UserData was entered. This is likely caused by
svPutUserData() never being called.


vsim Message # 3793:
In svGetUserData(), for the given scope, no UserData was entered.
This is likely caused by the never calling svPutUserData() for this scope.


vsim Message # 3794:
In svGetUserData(), for the given scope and userKey, no UserData was
found. This is likely caused by never calling svPutUserData() for this
scope, with this UserKey.


vsim Message # 3796:
A SystemC region ID was passed to the specified function.
SystemC region IDs are not yet supported for this function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3797:
A SystemC signal ID was passed to the specified function.
SystemC signal IDs are not yet supported for this function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3798:
Since there is no defined order of process execution, multiple forces
of a signal occurring at the same time cannot have a defined result.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.7 Execution of a Model]


vsim Message # 3799:
The -dpiexportobj option is in effect, however there are no DPI-C export
tf's in the design; thus the requested export library cannot be produced.
The export library is not needed for DPI-SC exports.


vsim Message # 3800:
The AIX OS doesn't have the runtime linking facilities necessary to support
the GlobalSharedObjectList feature.


vsim Message # 3801:
The AIX OS doesn't have the runtime linking facilities necessary to support
the GlobalSharedObjectList feature.


vsim Message # 3802:
The Windows OS requires dynamic library creators to explicitly specify a list
of exported (global) symbols. Use the link command's -EXPORT option to do so.


vsim Message # 3803:
The Windows OS requires dynamic library creators to explicitly specify a list
of exported (global) symbols. Use the link command's -EXPORT option to do so.


vsim Message # 3804:
The feature is not supported for atomic vector. Please recompile
the design with the -noatomic compiler option.


vsim Message # 3805:
Be more specific so that only one object is found.


vsim Message # 3806:
The HDL signal type is not compatible with the SystemC signal.


vsim Message # 3807:
The type of the port on the entity does not match the type of the port on
the component that instantiates it.


vsim Message # 3808:
The mode of the port on the entity is not compatible with the mode of
the port on the component that binds to it.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]

In an uncommon and non-compliant case in VHDL in which we allow a
globally static expression as the actual of a mode INOUT component port
that binds to an entity port of mode IN, this error will occur if the
entity port is not mode IN (even though ostensibly the entity port and
component port are in fact compatible).  See vcom message #1162.


vsim Message # 3809:
The type of the generic on the entity does not match the type of the
generic on the component that instantiates it.


vsim Message # 3810:
Use "profile off -m" to close the open raw profile file before
issuing the "profile reload" command.


vsim Message # 3811:
See the standard include file svdpi.h.


vsim Message # 3812:
The simulator has detected that the design-wide optimizations
performed by the "vopt" tool have not been run on the top level
design-units supplied to vsim. vopt is being run automatically
by the simulator to do this optimization step.


vsim Message # 3813:
The simulator has detected that the one or more of the modules in the
design hierarchy have been recompiled, but the design-wide optimizations
performed by the "vopt" tool have not been run on these newly
recompiled design units. vopt is therefore being invoked automatically
by the simulator to redo this optimization.


vsim Message # 3814:
You must provide a file name when using -memprof+file=<filename> or
-memprof+fileonly=<filename>.


vsim Message # 3815:
In order to report memory profiling information the simulator must unwind
the call stack whenever memory is allocated to report the results. The
simulator failed to do so in this case. Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com.
Unwinding the call stack should work on all supported platforms.


vsim Message # 3816:
This optimized design failed one of several version checks. To simulate
the design, re-run the "vopt" tool on the design top levels modules to
generate a new optimized design.


vsim Message # 3817:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 5.2.2 Default binding indication:
In a default binding indication, and in an explicit binding indication
that lacks a port map aspect, where the entity aspect (whether default
or explicit) implies a design entity that contains formal ports, a
default port map aspect is assumed within that binding indication.
The default port map aspect associates each local port (if any) of the
component declaration corresponding to the component instantiation with
a formal of the same simple name.  Any unassociated formals are
associated with the actual designator OPEN.  This means that these
formals are unconnected.
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 1.1.1.2 Ports, line 112:
  A port of mode IN may be unconnected or unassociated (see 4.3.2.2)
  only if its declaration includes a default expression (see 4.3.2).
  A port of any mode other than IN may be unconnected or unassociated
  as long as its type is not an unconstrained array type.


vsim Message # 3818:
This error message is emitted when an 'fcover' command is issued when
no PSL or Verilog 'cover' directives are in the current design. If the design
source does in fact have 'cover' directives in it, then it may have
been compiled or loaded with the -nopsl or -nosva option.


vsim Message # 3819:
A glitch on an input was detected. The event on the associated
delay net was cancelled.


vsim Message # 3820:
It is possible to create name collisions in SystemC when passing
explicit names to signal and port constructors. In these cases,
QuestaSim only allows the first match to a name to be debuggable.
Please modify your source files to remove dumplicate names.


vsim Message # 3821:
It is possible to create name collisions in SystemC when passing
explicit names to signal and port constructors. Duplicate names can
make debug difficult or impossible since the first match to a name
is always returned. In these cases, QuestaSim will try to use the declared
name as an alternative name if possible.


vsim Message # 3822:
In order to deal with potentially unbounded generate for loops,
this implementation limits the number of iterations of a given loop.
The limit can be modified in your modelsim.ini file if desired.


vsim Message # 3823:
A SystemVerilog type parameter may be passed only a type, not a value.


vsim Message # 3824:
Unoptimized design units specified with optimized design units on the vsim command
line will be elaborated as unoptimized design units and will not be optimized.
Use vopt to create one optimized design from one or more top-level design units.


vsim Message # 3825:
Only one optimized design must be specified on the vsim command line
for this feature. Use vopt to create one optimized design
from one or more top-level design units.


vsim Message # 3826:
The vcd dump file's filename has already been set to dump.vcd due to an
earlier call to $dumpvars. The $dumpfile task should be called prior to
any $dumpvars calls.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3827:
QuestaSim automatically generates and compiles "glue" code for exported
SystemVerilog DPI tasks and functions. The compilation of the generated
code failed. See the error message text for clues to the problem.


vsim Message # 3828:
QuestaSim automatically builds a shared object containing "glue" code
for exported SystemVerilog DPI-C tasks and functions. The linking of the
shared object failed. See the error message text for clues to the problem.


vsim Message # 3829:
If an invalid index (i.e. a 4-state expression with Xs) is used during
a read operation OR an attempt is made to read a non-existent entry
(an entry that has never been written), then a warning is issued and
the default initial value for the array is returned.


vsim Message # 3830:
QuestaSim automatically checks the currently generated DPI-C export object
file against the design that is being elaborated. QuestaSim issues this
error message when it detects that the design has changed in a way that
invalidates the current export object file. Regenerate the object
file using the vsim -dpiexportobj option, and then rerun simulation.


vsim Message # 3831:
The number of possible CASE GENERATE expression values prevents an
exhaustive and complete check that all possible values are represented
in the set of choices.  Provide an OTHERS choice to ensure completeness.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 3832:
A VHDL configuration contains a block configuration that names an
architecture whose native code was created with a different update
release of the compiler, and the architecture native code has changed.
The VHDL configuration must be refreshed (along with its native code)
with the same update release version of the compiler that was used to
compile or refresh the architecture.


vsim Message # 3833:
Array-of-instance feature of Verilog is not supported for instantiation
of VHDL entity if VHDL entity has an unconstrained or partially
constrained port.


vsim Message # 3834:
Failed to bind name for an object. The simulation will still run correctly
but the object is not viewable in the QuestaSim GUI windows. To work around
this problem, you can name the object explicitly upon construction, however,
the warning message will still be displayed. This is an internal error, please
report this problem at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim Message # 3835:
A fatal error within the SystemC design has occurred.
This error is an internal error, and should be reported
immediately at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim Message # 3836:
The number of CASE GENERATE expression values possible, coupled with the
number of choices present in all of the case generate alternatives,
is preventing the semantic check that all choice values are unique.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 3837:
In SystemVerilog, it is an error to have multiple continuous assignments
or a mixture of procedural and continuous assignments writing to a
variable.


vsim Message # 3838:
In SystemVerilog, it is an error to have multiple continuous assignments
or a mixture of procedural and continuous assignments writing to a
variable.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 3839:
In SystemVerilog, it is an error to have multiple continuous assignments
or a mixture of procedural and continuous assignments writing to a
variable.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SV LRM - 6.5 Nets and variables]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SV LRM - 23.3.3 Port connection rules]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3840:
Only a VHDL entity or configuration or a Verilog module can be instantiated from a SystemC module.


vsim Message # 3841:
Instantiation of a Verilog optimized cell in a SystemC model is not
supported in QuestaSim mixed-language simulation.


vsim Message # 3842:
The SDF design was loaded with +multisource_int_delays set, while
The VHDL file was compiled with -novital set.
These switches are incompatible.
Recompile the source code without the -novital switch.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.4-2000 VITAL ASIC Modeling Specification -
 3 Basic elements of the VITAL ASIC modeling specification

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3843:
You aren't permitted to instantiate a module inside an interface.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3844:
Enum literals cannot exceed the width of the enum type.


vsim Message # 3845:
Enum literals without explicit values can't clash with other
literals' values.


vsim Message # 3846:
The TIME expression following the reserved word REJECT must have neither
a negative value nor a value that is greater than the TIME expression
associated with the first waveform element.
This message can be suppressed or have its severity level changed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.4 Signal assignment statement], line 194


vsim Message # 3847:
For a formal being associated individually, where the formal is of an
array type whose element subtype is itself an array type, each
subelement of the formal must be associated with an actual that is of
an array length equal to the array length of the element subtype of the
formal's array type.


vsim Message # 3848:
The object designated by an access type value must either belong to the
designated subtype of the access type definition (access to constrained
array subtype), or must satisfy the (index) constraint of the access
subtype (constrained access to array).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 7.3.6 Allocators]


vsim Message # 3849:
The predefined attribute 'DRIVING requires that its prefix signal
have a driver present in the process in which it appears.
The predefined attribute 'DRIVING_VALUE requires that the value of
'DRIVING be TRUE at the point of evaluation; this implies that 'DRIVING
be evaluatable, hence it is an error if no drivers are present.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes]


vsim Message # 3850:
IEEE Std 1076-1993, 3.1 Scalar types, line 72:
  A range constraint is compatible with a subtype if each bound of the
  range belongs to the subtype or if the range constraint defines a
  null range.  Otherwise, the range constraint is not compatible with
  the subtype.


vsim Message # 3851:
A clocked process may have read data intended for the next clock edge.


vsim Message # 3852:
Once parameters for a module have been frozen, further redefinition
is not permitted.  This error results from attempting to modify
parameters in an optimized design by using
a separately compiled defparam or by specifying -G to vsim.


vsim Message # 3853:
It is illegal to use a defparam that has a hierarchical name
that crosses an arrayed instance or generate statement in itself
or any parent instance.  Defparams may only target children when
crossing arrayed instances or generates.


vsim Message # 3854:
This error occurs in HREAD or OREAD function when an array,
whose size is not a multiple of 4 or 3.


vsim Message # 3855:
This error occurs in HREAD function. While reading a character other than,
a Hex character (0-F) was read.


vsim Message # 3856:
This error occurs in OREAD function. While reading a character other than,
a Octal character (0-7) was read.


vsim Message # 3857:
It is an error if the L parameter (of type LINE) in a call to a
STD_LOGIC_TEXTIO HREAD or OREAD procedure contains the null access
value.  The value of the parameter must designate a string from which
to extract a value.


vsim Message # 3858:
The L parameter (of type LINE) of a call to a STD_LOGIC_TEXTIO HREAD
or OREAD procedure designates either a string containing no characters
or containing only whitespace.  An HREAD or OREAD call does not succeed
if no sequence of characters can be removed from L to form a valid
string representation of the value of the specified output parameter
type.


vsim Message # 3859:
This error occurs in HREAD or OREAD function when the line doesn't have enough
characters to be read.


vsim Message # 3860:
An event control intended to cause a delay may have taken zero time.


vsim Message # 3861:
The enable_signal_spy or disable_signal_spy call could not find an
inti_signal_spy with the specified source and destination objects.
An init_signal_spy call (with the control_state set) on the specified
objects must have been made before attempting to enable or disable
the signal spy.


vsim Message # 3862:
The width of the data is larger than the width of the memory word.


vsim Message # 3863:
The abstract literal portion of the string cannot be interpreted as a
based literal or decimal literal numeric value.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 13.4 Abstract literals]


vsim Message # 3864:
Predefined attribute 'VALUE interpreted a single character in its
string parameter as a character literal value.
QuestaSim does this if there is no other enumeration literal in the
enumeration type that has the same string representation, and if the
single character is the same as the graphic character of the character
literal (case-sensitive).  The VHDL LRM states that the string
representation of a character literal includes the enclosing apostrophe
(') characters.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 13.5 Character literals]


vsim Message # 3865:
The simulator is automatically running the "vopt" tool, but it
has noted that there are Verilog PLI modules being loaded.  In
order to function properly, the PLI may need access to design
information that is removed during optimization.  By default
vsim is very conservative, and allows complete access by passing
the "+acc" switch to vopt, which will negatively affect simulation
performance.  To allow optimizations to proceed, i.e. without the +acc
being automatically added, use the "-no_autoacc" option to vsim.
You can then add specific targeted +acc options or -tab option to
"-voptargs" vsim switch.


vsim Message # 3866:
The simulator does not contain the information necessary to support
the exit() function.


vsim Message # 3867:
An inclusiveDuMatch of 1 means that all instances that reference
design units with the same primary name will match.
A value of 0 means that only instances that use exactly the same
design unit will match.
For example if your design has multiple architectures for a VHDL entity
a value of 1 will cause matching for all instances that use the same
entity.  A value of 0 for inclusiveDuMatch will cause a match for only
the specific entity-architecture pair used by the specified instance.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - profile report command]


vsim Message # 3868:
A 2-state enumerated type may not be assigned 4-state values.


vsim Message # 3869:
The specified value is not a legal value for that enumerated type.


vsim Message # 3870:
The specified filltype is not supported for this kind of memory.


vsim Message # 3871:
The specified value is not a legal value for that enumerated type.


vsim Message # 3872:
The target scope of the bind statement already contains an object of the
same name as the instance name of the bind statement.


vsim Message # 3873:
The target of the bind statement is not of valid type.


vsim Message # 3874:
The design unit that is being bound is not of valid type.


vsim Message # 3875:
The number of positional association elements in a bind instance
exceeds the number of formals.


vsim Message # 3876:
'.*' port connection not allowed when target of bind is a VHDL design unit.


vsim Message # 3877:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function
must be 'singular' (ie, packed) and must be a variable.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3878:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function  must be 'singular' (ie, packed).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3879:
The boolean expression in assertions does not allow operands of types:
non-integer types, string, event, chandle, class, associative arrays
and dynamic arrays.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 3880:
Operation not allowed on a closed VHDL file.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 3.4.1 File operations]


vsim Message # 3881:
A value specified in the 'bins' value set is outside the range
of values representable in the corresponding coverpoint expression.
The value has been converted to the nearest value representable in
the type of the corresponding coverpoint expression.


vsim Message # 3882:
A range specified in the 'bins' value set is outside the range
of values representable in the corresponding coverpoint expression.
The value range has been converted to the single nearest value
representable in the type of the corresponding coverpoint expression.


vsim Message # 3883:
Coverpoint expressions and 'bins' expressions must be of integral
types.  Real, unpacked, and other non-integral types are illegal.


vsim Message # 3884:
Coverpoint expressions and value expressions specified in 'bins'
of Coverpoint/Cross must be of integral types. Real, unpacked,
string and other non-integral types are illegal.


vsim Message # 3885:
The token is not a valid string.


vsim Message # 3886:
Currently, the specified option is not supported for "mem" commands for the associative array.


vsim Message # 3887:
The address specified for start_address and end_address for the
system tasks readmem and writemem needs to be a valid associative
key for that associative array.


vsim Message # 3888:
The system tasks readmem and writemem can accept only integral
index types.


vsim Message # 3889:
The system tasks readmem and writemem can accept only integral
index types.


vsim Message # 3890:
The simulation will still run correctly but the object is not viewable in
the QuestaSim GUI windows. To work around this problem, you can name the object
explicitly upon construction. Notice that for static object, you have to name
it using the full scope name, e.g, 'A::B::C'.


vsim Message # 3891:
An hdl instance is embedded inside a global/static SystemC module.
It is not supported in vopt flow.


vsim Message # 3892:
The simulation will still run correctly but the object is not viewable
in the QuestaSim GUI windows.


vsim Message # 3893:
The key specified for associative array does not exist in this array.
In case of an associative array with wildcard index, please use the
width of the index in the key in order to find a match. e.g. 6'h1234, 9'b0101


vsim Message # 3894:
This message reports failures related to compiled SDF files.
The error message should be self explanatory.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3895:
The predefined attributes S'DELAYED, S'STABLE, and S'QUIET must not have
a parameter that is a negative value of TIME.  QuestaSim will by default
produce this warning instead of stopping with a fatal error; the value
will be truncated to 0.  This message can be suppressed or have its
severity level changed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 14.1 Predefined attributes], line 243


vsim Message # 3896:
A driver could not be created for the specified object.


vsim Message # 3897:
The Signal Spy force of the object failed.  Refer to the prior
error for more information.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3898:
The Signal Spy release of the object failed.  Refer to the
prior error for more information.


vsim Message # 3899:
A warning occurred during the Signal Spy release of the object.
Refer to the prior warning for more information.


vsim Message # 3900:
A SystemC subelement signal parameter, was passed tothe specified function.
SystemC subelement signals are not supported for this function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3901:
A SystemC signal ID was passed to the specified function.
SystemC signal IDs of this type are not supported for this function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3902:
An invalid argument was passed to the Signal Spy system task.


vsim Message # 3903:
SystemVerilog non-net port type is not supported yet at mixed-language
boundaries.


vsim Message # 3904:
This feature is not supported in the Modelsim Personal Edition.


vsim Message # 3905:
Using the -c option with any of -batch, -i, or -gui options is not permitted.


vsim Message # 3906:
The type of the specified object in a module instantiation port list is
incompatible with the type of the port to which it is being connected.


vsim Message # 3907:
A task/function with an hierarchical name must be exported or
externed in the interface referenced by the name's prefix.


vsim Message # 3908:
The modport in an actual interface port must match the modport
in the formal interface that it is passed down to.


vsim Message # 3909:
This option is supported only for associative arrays.


vsim Message # 3910:
The command 'mem display' will not display more than 1000 lines to the
terminal window.  Please use the 'mem save' command to save the contents
to a text file for batch viewing.  For viewing in the GUI use 'add mem'
command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3911:
A single generic value has been specified on the command line for two
generics of the same name but different types.
Use pathnames with the -G or -g command line options to give different
values to each generic.


vsim Message # 3912:
VHDL enumeration signal can be connected to Verilog port only of size
32 or less.


vsim Message # 3913:
VHDL Vital timing check violation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3914:
VHDL Vital skew timing check violation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3915:
VHDL Vital period timing check violation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3916:
Verilog timing check violation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3917:
The last argument(s) to $dumpports() must be a filename or a filename
followed by two integer values. The first integer value is ignored.
The bits of the second integer value have the following meaning:
    0 - Ignore strength ranges for conflict resolution as defined in IEEE 1364-2005.
    2 - Default value. Use strength ranges for conflict resolution.
    4 - Compress vcd file.
    8 - Output direction, same as -dumpports+direction.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3918:
Part-select of reg not supported in force.


vsim Message # 3919:
The specified name refers to a non-Verilog instantiation.  Resolution of
hierarchical paths through these contexts is not supported.


vsim Message # 3920:
Hierarchical names into generate loops must provide an index value
along with the block label.


vsim Message # 3921:
When '-onexit' is specified in a 'profile report' command, a file must be
specified as well with the '-file' option.


vsim Message # 3922:
A type-parameter was passed to a normal value-parameter.


vsim Message # 3923:
While performing the negative timing constraint algorithm on each module
that contains timing checks with delayed net arguments, a timing check
with a negative adjusted setup or hold limit was encountered. The
negative timing constraint algorithm attempts to find a set of delays
for the timing check delayed net arguments such that all negative limits
can be converted to non-negative limits with respect to the delayed nets.
No solution was found for this instance.  Although this instance was coded
grouped timing checks, this analysis was disabled because the
-no_risefall_delaynets option was set.  Removing this option could cause
a solution to be determined.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 3924:
SDF allows the user to keep the original timing values for any timing
object by specifying empty parentheses '()'. Many SDF files are generated
with minimum and maximum delay values and empty typical delays.
For example: (3::5). If all the delay values are of this format and
typical delays are specified for annotation then nothing gets annotated.
This warning alerts you to check if this is happening in your simulation.


vsim Message # 3925:
Enum can have base type as integral types only.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 6.19 Enumerations]


vsim Message # 3926:
DPI shared library suffixes are machine dependent and should not be specified
by users.


vsim Message # 3927:
Items that are declared inside a program block, such as tasks, functions,
variables, etc are not accessible by non-program design units (modules,
interfaces, etc).


vsim Message # 3928:
A value of a composite type is considered a "null" value when the
type is a member of this list:
  a) a null array subtype, or
  b) an array type whose element subtype is a member of this list, or
  c) a record type, all of whose elements are of a subtype that is a
     member of this list.
When such a null value is written to a VHDL FILE, because there is
no data associated with it, there is no way to read it back in as the
value it was originally written as.


vsim Message # 3929:
VHDL FILE objects with external name "STD_INPUT" or "STD_OUTPUT"
are associated with the simulator's stdin and stdout respectively.
The simulator command line options "-std_input <filename>" and
"-std_output <filename>" can be used to map either or both of
these so-named FILE objects to other file(s).  In any case, the
FILE_OPEN_KIND (VHDL 1993 or later) or the mode of the FILE (VHDL 1987)
must be appropriate for the standard stream being accessed.


vsim Message # 3930:
Exponentiation is defined as repeated multiplication of the left
operand by itself for a number of times indicated by the absolute value
of the right operand.  This operation has resulted in a number too
large in absolute value to be represented within the limits of the
implementation.


vsim Message # 3931:
Exponentiation with a negative exponent is allowed only for a left
operand of a floating point type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 7.2.7 Miscellaneous operators]


vsim Message # 3932:
Could not find the specified type name in our database. If the type name you
entered is correct, it could be the type name does not match our database.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com for help.


vsim Message # 3933:
Constant and Generics may have already been used in computing other expressions.
The change command will change its value but it will not recompute dependent
expressions.  As a result the change may not have its intended effect.
In some case the VHDL compile may change variables into constants.
To prevent this use the +acc=v option when compiling.


vsim Message # 3934:
The specified input Verilog port is not connected from VHDL instantiation.


vsim Message # 3935:
The specified VHDL port cannot be found by that name in the Verilog
module to which it is being connected. Verify that the correct
VHDL/Verilog connection is being made and that extended identifiers
are being used if necessary.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 3936:
Dynamic arrays of dynamic arrays or a combination of dynamic and
unpacked arrays or associative arrays do not support certain formats for
mem load command.


vsim Message # 3937:
Refer to 'Multiple Clock support' section in 'Assertions' chapter of
SystemVerilog LRM for legal multiple clock temporal expressions.


vsim Message # 3938:
The behavior of the temporal expression depends on the two clock events
happening at the same simulation time. The multiply clocked assertion should
be written so that the two expressions clocked by different events cannot
start and end at the same simulation time. The basic rules to write such
expression are:
1. If expressions are sequence, the two expressions should be separated by ';'
2. Both the sequence expressions do not match at empty path
3. Use '|=>' implication rather than '|->' implication


vsim Message # 3939:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3940:
An attempt was made to verify that the original source data that went into a compiled
SDF file has not been modified.  However there was an error in attempting to access the
original file.  The system error output should give more information as to what the
actual problem is.


vsim Message # 3941:
Dynamic arrays of dynamic arrays or a combination of dynamic and
unpacked arrays do not support certain options of the mem commands.


vsim Message # 3942:
The data word currently being loaded is outside of the range of the
addresses to be loaded.  The rest of the file has been skipped.


vsim Message # 3943:
Not enough data words were found to fill the expected memory range.


vsim Message # 3944:
The data word currently being loaded is outside of the range of the
addresses to be loaded.  The rest of the file has been skipped.


vsim Message # 3945:
The SystemVerilog dynamic array is not allocated. If there is only one dynamic
dimension that is not allocated, mem load command can allocate it. If this is
the case, use one of the options -endaddress or -infile to mem load command.
Alternatively, this may be a NULL VHDL array, designated by an access variable.
In this case, we cannot allocate it.


vsim Message # 3946:
This happens when the index used for the memory is a local variable or
whole memory is getting compared.


vsim Message # 3947:
An invalid format specifier was detected in the first argument to a call
to the specified system task or function.
The valid format specifiers are:
  b, B, c, C, d, D, e, E, f, F, g, G, h, H, l, L, o, O, m, M, s, S, t, T, u, U, v, V, z, Z.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3948:
The CASE statement expression value did not match any of the choices
given in the case statement alternatives, and there was no OTHERS
choice.  This suggests that the expression value is out of the range
of its subtype, which can occur when range checking is off.
This error can also occur in a selected signal assignment statement
because it is converted to an equivalent CASE statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 8.8 Case statement]


vsim Message # 3949:
VHDL based assertion statement of level 'Note'.


vsim Message # 3950:
VHDL based assertion statement of level 'Warning'.


vsim Message # 3951:
VHDL based assertion statement of level 'Error'.


vsim Message # 3952:
VHDL based assertion statement of level 'Failure'.


vsim Message # 3953:
It is an error if the L parameter (of type LINE) in a call to a
STD_LOGIC_TEXTIO HREAD or OREAD or READ procedure contains the null access
value.  The value of the parameter must designate a string from which
to extract a value.


vsim Message # 3954:
A conversion function in a port map, or a resolution function has
returned a value that is of an array length (or has an embedded array
length) that is different from that of the corresponding port or signal
array length.


vsim Message # 3955:
VHDL Vital glitch violation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3956:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3957:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3958:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3959:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3960:
A call to mti_FatalError() occurred.  This causes vsim to immediately halt
the simulation.  Control is not returned to the caller.  The simulation
cannot continue after being halted with mti_FataError().


vsim Message # 3961:
For a matching case statement in which the expression is of type
STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it is an
error if the value of the expression is the scalar value '-' or an array
value containing the value '-'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vsim Message # 3962:
For a matching case statement in which the expression is of type
STD_ULOGIC, or an array type whose element type is STD_ULOGIC, it is an
error if the value of the expression is the scalar value '-' or an array
value containing the value '-'.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 10.9 Case statement]


vsim Message # 3963:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3964:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3965:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3966:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3967:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3968:
Verilog timing check violation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3969:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3970:
It is an error if the L parameter (of type LINE) in a call to a
STD_LOGIC_TEXTIO HREAD or OREAD procedure contains value that is
larger than what the supplied STD_ULOGIC_VECTOR can hold.


vsim Message # 3971:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3972:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3973:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3974:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3975:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3976:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3977:
An integer divide, modulo, or remainder operation has a right operand
of zero, which is causing a divide by zero error.


vsim Message # 3979:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3980:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3981:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3982:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3983:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3984:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3985:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3986:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3987:
For debugging Verilog and SystemVerilog event order issues with models
developed with Verilog-XL, a hazard checking capability is available.
This capability is enabled with the "-hazards" switch for both the
compiler and the simulator.
Please see the section on Debugging Event Order Issues in the
QuestaSim User's Manual for more information.


vsim Message # 3988:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3989:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3990:
A SystemC signal ID was passed to the mti_Sensitize() function with the
mode argument as MTI_ACTIVE.  This function supports SystemC signal only
if the mode is MTI_EVENT.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 3991:
One variable in the base class and another variable in the derived class have
the same name. You can rename one variable to make both debuggable.


vsim Message # 3992:
A disconnection was made in a subprogram when the actual was not a guarded signal.
The actual must be declared to be a bus or a register.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 2.1.1.2 Signal parameter]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 8.4.1 Updating a projected output waveform]


vsim Message # 3993:
Sum of setup/recovery and hold/removal times in timing check is negative.
Negative time(s) will be set to 0.


vsim Message # 3994:
Sum of setup/recovery and hold/removal times in timing check is negative.
Negative time(s) will be set to 0.


vsim Message # 3995:
Too many parameters were specified for a parameterized class.
A specialization must provide at most one parameter value for each parameter
in the parameterized class.


vsim Message # 3996:
The specified formal name in a by-name argument association does not
exist in the task or function being called.


vsim Message # 3997:
Forcing a VHDL signal network in the wire model cannot be done when the value
 must go through a conversion function.


vsim Message # 3998:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 3999:
The type of the specified object in a module instantiation port list is
incompatible with the type of the port to which it is being connected.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vish Message # 4000:
The command specified in the message can be used only after a design
has been loaded into the simulator.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4001:
An incorrect number of arguments was supplied to the command which
caused this message to occur. The usage of the command should be
displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4002:
The command which caused this message to occur was specified incorrectly.
The usage of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4003:
An invalid option was specified to the command that caused this message
to occur. The usage of the command should be displayed after the error
message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4004:
The specified argument must accompany the specified option. The usage
of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4005:
An invalid argument was specified to the command which caused this
message to occur. The usage of the command should be displayed after
the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4006:
An unexpected argument was detected. The usage of the command should
be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4007:
The command you just entered requires the specified argument. The
usage of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4008:
The specified object was not found in the design. Verify that the
path to the object and the object name are specified correctly.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vish Message # 4009:
The specified object cannot be forced with the force command.


vsim-vish Message # 4010:
Only one item at a time can be forced with the force command.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim-vish Message # 4011:
Only scalar values and values that are one-dimensional arrays of
character enums are accepted. Also, the value must be valid for the
type of the object being forced.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim-vish Message # 4012:
Each value/time pair must be separated from the previous one by a comma.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim-vish Message # 4013:
No instance of the specified name can be found in the design. Verify
that the instance path is specified correctly.


vsim-vish Message # 4014:
No instances or objects were found to match the specified pattern.
If this message was issued as a result of the 'add wave', 'add list' or
'add log' commands and the pattern contained wildcards the WildcardFilter
may have filtered all items matching the specified pattern.


vsim-vish Message # 4015:
An invalid or out-of-range numeric value was encountered.


vsim-vish Message # 4016:
An invalid value was encountered.


vsim-vish Message # 4017:
The specified object was found in the design but was not of the
expected type.


vsim-vish Message # 4018:
The specified pattern matched objects in the design but they were not
of the expected type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vish Message # 4019:
While scanning a comment in the specified file, the end of the file
was encountered. Verify that the correct file was specified and that
all comments in the file are terminated correctly.


vsim-vish Message # 4024:
Name association did not function for an object in the design.
As an example, this happens for signals declared in function scope.
In such cases you should manually associate the object's name by using
constructor initializer list syntax.


vsim-vish Message # 4025:
sccom can't generate debug information for all C++ types. In such
cases, signals and variables of the undebuggable type are simulated
correctly, but they are not viewable in the QuestaSim GUI windows.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vish Message # 4026:
The specified value is not an enumeration literal of the enumeration
type or subtype.


vsim-vish Message # 4027:
Logging of certain dynamic types or arbitrarily complex objects is
not supported in this QuestaSim release.  Logging of these items may be
added in future releases.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vish Message # 4028:
Assertion or cover directives are not visible and
cannot be added to the wave or list window.
Use the +acc=a ... compiler option to turn on visibility.


vsim-vish Message # 4029:
A tlm fifo specified with a size <= 0 makes the fifo an infinite sized fifo. Specifying a
positive size makes the fifo size finite and the objects debuggable in the QuestaSim
GUI. The undebuggable objects are simulated correctly, but they are not viewable in
the QuestaSim GUI windows.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vish Message # 4030:
valgrind executable path is not found. Make sure valgrind path is set in current shell.


vsim-vish Message # 4031:
invalid usage of -valgrind option.


vsim-vish Message # 4032:
The simulation or the WLF file included transactions.  These will not be
visible though all other design elements are available for debugging.  To
view or analyze transactions, the user must have the TXANALYSIS license feature.


vsim-vish Message # 4033:
User defined sc_port objects which are not debuggable are not viewable
in the GUI windows.  However, the simulation will still run correctly.
It is possible to make the port debuggable if the actual channel connected
to the port is a primitive channel. In this case, you can add the macro
'MTI_SC_PORT_ENABLE_DEBUG' (don't add a semi-colon after the macro) to
the channel class's public declaration area and then recompile.


vsim-vish Message # 4034:
A duplicate option was detected. The usage of the command should
be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4035:
The specified feature is currently not supported.


vsim-vish Message # 4036:
No exclusions performed on some/all objects.


vsim-vish Message # 4037:
The two options are mutually exclusive.


vsim-vish Message # 4038:
The specified dataset name is not consistent with the specified path name.
Please remove the dataset prefix from your path name.


vsim-vish Message # 4039:
The specified option must accompany an argument. The usage
of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4040:
The specified command must accompany the specified option. The usage
of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4041:
The specified argument must accompany the specified option. The usage
of the required option should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4042:
The specified command syntax is deprecated. The new syntax of the command
should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4043:
The FSM state variable was not found in the specified region. Verify that the
object name are specified correctly.


vsim-vish Message # 4044:
Wildcards cannot be used to select type names when logging a class type.
The exact type name must be specified.


vsim-vish Message # 4045:
The specified class type was not found in the design.
Verify the class type name is spelled correctly.
Verify the path to class type is specified.  Note that it may be
in a package or another design unit.


vsim-vish Message # 4046:
Two incompatible options were specified to the command that caused this message
to occur. The usage of the command should be displayed after the error
message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4047:
Incompatible options were specified to the command that caused this message
to occur. The usage of the command should be displayed after the error
message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4048:
Limited class logging and viewing has been added to this release as a
beta feature. Many class types can now be logged into the vsim.wlf file
for post-simulation viewing using the "vsim -view vsim.wlf" command.
Viewing of class variables in the wave window during simulation is not
yet supported and may lead to problems if they are added to the wave
window during simulation.
Class variables will not be logged as part of a wildcard log command
(i.e. "add log *" will not cause class variables to be logged).  So
existing scripts will not be affected.  To log class variables, you must
log them specifically by name:
  class myClass;
    ...
  endclass
  myclass myClassVariable = new;

  VSIM> add log *                 #Will not log class variables
  VSIM> add log myClassVariable

In addition, you can also log all class objects of a particular class type
using the "add log -class" command with the name of the class.  For example,
  add log -class myClass
This will log all objects of the type myClass or any derived classes of
myClass that come into existence following the add log command.
When viewing class variable waveforms post-simulation using
"vsim -view vsim.wlf" you will notice class variable values in the wave
window having values such as "@1", "@2", etc.  These are QuestaSim's
representation of the object handles that the class variable contains.  So
at time 100, myClassVariable might contain "@1" while at time 200 it will
change to "@2".   These object handles can themselves be waved using
"add wave @1" and examined using the examine command "examine @2".


vsim-vish Message # 4049:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vish Message # 4050:
This option is not supported when vsim is invoked from the QuestaSim GUI. To use this
option effectively please invoke vsim as:
vsim -noautoldlibpath <top> <options>
vsim -c -noautoldlibpath <top> <options>


vsim-vish Message # 4051:
An unused option was specified to the command that caused this message
to occur.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4052:
The specified option is not applicable.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4053:
The specified object does not exist or does not contain coverage data.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4054:
The specified command option is deprecated.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4055:
The specified command option can be used at most once per invocation.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4056:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4057:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4058:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4059:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4060:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4061:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4062:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4063:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4064:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4065:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4066:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4067:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4068:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4069:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4070:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4071:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4072:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4073:
The specified node was not found in the design. Verify that the
path to the node and the node name are specified correctly.


vsim-vish Message # 4074:
The wlf file is still open.  The file is being viewed in live viewing mode


vsim-vish Message # 4075:
The specified pattern matched objects in the design but they were not
of the expected type.


vsim-vish Message # 4076:
The 'coverage exclude -toggle <toggle> -trans ' command is not applicable for int, enums
Only supported exclusions performed.


vsim-vish Message # 4077:
Logging very large objects can lead to large vsim.wlf files and slow
GUI performance.  See the LargeObjectSize and LargeObjectSilent
variables in the modelsim.ini file for further information.


vsim-vish Message # 4078:
Some objects, or elements of objects, are part of the implemenation of
the simulator.  These objects may be restricted from some kinds of
debug actions or windows.


vsim-vish Message # 4079:
The wlf file is also the current simulation's WLF file.  Becasue this
file is already active in the UI, conflicts could make the UI unstable.
Therefore, live-WLF viewing is restricted to files that are active in
a different simulator process only.


vsim-vish Message # 4080:
[DOC: Command Reference - coverage report command]


vsim-vish Message # 4081:
You are trying to exclude coverage items of type that the corresponding
design unit was not compiled with coverage enabled for that type.


vsim-vish Message # 4082:
The source file specified is not part of the corresponding design unit.


vsim-vish Message # 4083:
The WLF log file loaded does not contain indexing and/or scale optimizing data.
Indexing enables fast wave data seeking and scale optimizing enables fast display when the
data is displayed over large time ranges, i.e. zoom full.  Run 'wlfman filter' or 'wlfman optmize'
to add indexing and scale optimizing data.


vsim-vish Message # 4084:
Expanded time mode is a memory intensive operation and not all designs can be viewed in
expanded time mode. In order to use expanded time mode for a specific time range, use
'wlfman filter' to filter the data for that specific time range in the design and
then use the new wlf file to use this feature.


vsim-vish Message # 4085:
Logging very large objects can lead to large vsim.wlf files and slow
GUI performance.  See the WildcardSizeThreshold preference variable in
the documentation and in the modelsim.ini file for further information.


vsim-vish Message # 4086:
The specified name of UPF/design object does not exist in UPF/design


vsim-vish Message # 4087:
Option -ports applicable with following checks only
1. Isolation Functionality Check
2. Isolation Clamp value Check
3. Isolation Race Check
4. Isolation Port Toggle Check


vsim-vish Message # 4088:
A variable of type STD.TEXTIO.LINE will not have its designated object(s)
(which will be of type STD.STANDARD.STRING) logged, even though access
object debugging has been enabled.  This limitation will be removed in a
later release.


vsim-vish Message # 4089:
The option specified does not apply to all the objects selected.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4090:
The variable is present in an optimized design unit but does not have
sufficient visibility to allow it to be logged efficiently (as requested
by the -vhdlvariablelogging switch or by the INI file [vsim] section
variable VhdlVariableLogging, or by the -accessobjdebug switch or by the
INI file [vsim] section variable AccessObjDebug).  The +acc=v option to
vopt can be used to preserve the visibility required to allow the
efficient logging of the variable.  Note that if this variable is of an
access type or is of a composite type that has a subelement of an access
type, any designated objects will not be logged.


vsim-vish Message # 4091:
Commands that do not apply to live simulation are not supported by the simulator
when running in batch mode (-batch).


vsim-vish Message # 4092:
Option '-adaptive' was not passed to 'vopt'/'vsim'.


vsim-vish Message # 4093:
An invalid option was specified to the command that caused this message
to occur. The usage of the command should be displayed after the error
message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4094:
The specified argument must accompany the specified option. The usage
of the command is displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4095:
The script specified in the onElabError command produced an error when evaluated.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim-vish Message # 4096:
Complete atomic net has to be selected for the force.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim-vish Message # 4097:
Design was not optimized with -detectraces option during vopt.


vsim-vish Message # 4098:
The limit provided by race detection cli is either invalid or greater than 32 bit max value.


vdbg Message # 4301:
Use -dbg_memory=<size> to enable memory inferencing in debug.
Minimum size can be specified through 'size'. Default value is 128.


vdbg Message # 4302:
Unsupported construct.


vdbg Message # 4303:
Options +acc=g, +floatparameters, +floatgenerics are ignored for debug.


vdbg Message # 4304:
An error occurred when a internal db file was attempted to be copied.


vdbg Message # 4305:
Debug options will be ignored in the following run of Power Aware.


vdbg Message # 4306:
Debug options will be ignored in the following run of vopt.


vdbg Message # 4308:
Not passing visibility option +acc can degrade the quality of debug, enabled using -debugdb.


vdbg Message # 4309:
An error occurred when a internal db file was attempted to be moved.


vdbg Message # 4310:
PDU debug support is not complete with PA flow.
When vopt is called with -pdu -debugdb and with pa options like -pa
or -libertyfiles, then the results will be unpredictable.


vdbg Message # 4311:
Advance-Debug tool generate debug databases for instrumented design inside db-container directory.
These files are created in the current "work" library underneath a directory
named "_dbcontainer".  This directory was unable to be created for some reason.


vdbg Message # 4312:
Work library item absolute pathnames are limited to approximately 4000 characters.
The path to the work library, or the DU name must be made shorter.


xvc Message # 4400:
XVC is linked with executable and available


xvc Message # 4401:
Existing XVC-db version is different. To continue, re-generate the XVC-db.


xvc Message # 4402:
Variant needs to be loaded in memory before it can be operated upon.


viscom Message # 4800:
There was an error creating intermediate temporary files needed to
create file design.bin.


viscom Message # 4801:
The viscom utility could not be found.  This may mean that <VisualizerInstallDirectory>/bin
is not in your PATH variable or that the optional VISUALIZER_HOME variable is not
defined or is not set correctly. It should be set to the Visualizer install directory.


viscom Message # 4802:
There is no additional information for this message.


viscom Message # 4803:
VISUALIZER_PATCH_DIR set but no viscom executable found at that location


viscom Message # 4804:
There was an error in viscom while generating bin file. Design was not optimized.


viscom Message # 4805:
Please add '-designfile' to the command line arguments.


qwave Message # 4900:
The simulator only supports one logging mechanism for a given elaboration. To continue, the design
must be re-elaborated with only a single mechanism enabled.


qwave Message # 4901:
Logging to a WLF file is not supported when qwavedb is enabled.
Ignoring this and subsequent WLF log attempts.


qwave Message # 4902:
The entry point of the qwavedb writer shared library could not be found.


qwave Message # 4903:
The shared library load failed for the reason given.


qwave Message # 4904:
The qwave shared library could not be found in any of the expected locations.


qwave Message # 4905:
This is a qwave logging note.


qwave Message # 4906:
This is a qwave logging warning.


qwave Message # 4908:
This is a qwave logging error.


qwave Message # 4909:
This is a qwave logging fatal error.


qwave Message # 4910:
This is a qwave logging internal error.


qwave Message # 4911:
Logging too many aliases of the same signal may cause performance degradation.
This may result from a high number of generates or nested generates.
All VHDL aliases will be logged more efficiently with QFD.


wlf Message # 5000:
The specified wave log format (WLF) file is locked by another QuestaSim
application.  The user, hostname, and process ID are reported to help
locate the person using the file. QuestaSim will not allow the file to be
written until the lock is removed. The lock will be removed when the
QuestaSim session exits. If the lock is in error and the file is not in
use, the file must be renamed or deleted so that a new file of the
specified name can be created.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5001:
The specified wave log format (WLF) file could not be opened.
This could be because of one of the following reasons:
  o File permissions problems
  o Disk space problems
  o The file is locked by another application
  o The file was copied or moved prior to quitting the simulation
  o QuestaSim exited unexpectedly during simulation


wlf Message # 5002:
The specified command could not be performed because nothing is logged.
This error message is a general purpose message reported for any
command which operates upon logged items.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5003:
WLF file compression has been disabled.


wlf Message # 5004:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5006:
The specified file did not contain the expected WLF file header
information. This could occur because of one of the following reasons:
  o The file is not a WLF file.
  o The file could be badly corrupted and is not recognizable.
  o The file is a WLF file from a pre-5.4 version of QuestaSim.
In any case, the file is unusable and unrecoverable.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5007:
A WLF file recovery operation failed to recover the WLF file.
This could occur for any number of reasons. The file is missing,
is not a regular file, or it otherwise unusable.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5008:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5010:
A WLF file recovery operation failed to recover the WLF file.
This could occur for many reasons, including:
  o The file contains an incompatible version number.
  o The file is too badly corrupted.
  o The file does not exist or cannot be opened.
  o The file is not a WLF file.
In any case, the file is unusable and unrecoverable.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5011:
The WLF file was successfully recovered.


wlf Message # 5012:
The specified WLF file was written with a version which cannot
be recovered. Currently, only WLF files written with QuestaSim 5.6
and later (WLF version 30 and later) can be recovered.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5013:
During a WLF snapshot, the table of contents data is coalesced in
preparation for starting the next WLF file. A write error during this
process may result in a corrupt WLF table of contents and therefore an
unusable WLF file. The most likely reason for this error is a full disk.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5014:
The wlfman utility supports the following modes:
  filter  - Write a subset of a WLF file to a new WLF file.
  info    - Print information about the WLF file.
  items   - Print a list of items in the WLF file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5015:
General purpose WLF tool command line message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5016:
The specified time string is not recognized.
A time must be specified in one of the following formats:
   10   10ns   {10 ns}

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5017:
The specified WLF file was not given on the command line. Check the
usage for the tool you are using and ensure that all required WLF file
arguments are provided.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5018:
Converting a WLF file to a coarser resolution may result in time values
being truncated. For example, in converting a WLF file from 1ps to 1ns
resolution, all times between 2000ps and 2999ps will be converted to 2ns.
This will cause all signal transitions during this time to occur at 2ns.
However, events will be placed in incrementing deltas.


wlf Message # 5019:
Couldn't lock QuestaSim wave log format (WLF) file; no locks available
from system.  The locking mechanism requires the rpc.statd and lockd
daemons; please make sure they are running.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5020:
An internal error occurred while processing WLF data. Please report
error at http://supportnet.mentor.com

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

wlf Message # 5021:
WLF indexing enables faster access to WLF file data.
Disabling WLF indexing may have a serious impact on wave draw performance.
Indexing should always be enabled except for specific debugging purposes.
WLF Indexing can only be disabled with the -nowlfindex command line argument.


wlf Message # 5022:
WLF summary optimizations enable faster wave drawing at high zoom levels.
Disabling these optimizations may have a serious impact on wave draw performance.
These optimizations should always be enabled except for specific debugging purposes.
The optimizations may be disabled with the -nowlfopt or -nowlfsum switches, or
with the WLFOptimize modelsim.ini variable.


wlf Message # 5901:
There is no additional information for this message.


wlf Message # 5902:
There is no additional information for this message.


wlf Message # 5903:
There is no additional information for this message.


wlf Message # 5904:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-sccom Message # 6000:
The design needs to be recompiled as the previous version of sccom used
to compile the design is incompatible with the current version being used.


vsim-sccom Message # 6001:
The design needs to be recompiled as the previous version of sccom used
to compile the design is incompatible with the current version being used.


vsim-sccom Message # 6002:
The design needs to be recompiled as the previous version of sccom used
to compile the design is incompatible with the current version being used.


vsim-sccom Message # 6003:
vsim and sccom must run on the same platform.


vsim-sccom Message # 6004:
The design needs to be recompiled as the previous version of sccom used
to compile the design is incompatible with the current version being used.


vsim-sccom Message # 6005:
The design needs to be recompiled as the previous version of sccom used
to compile the design is incompatible with the current version being used.


vsim-sccom Message # 6006:
The design needs to be recompiled as the previous version of sccom used
to compile the design is incompatible with the current version being used.


vsim-sccom Message # 6007:
A file referenced in the error message indicates that there had been a change
in the design due to a missing file. Recompile the design again to generate a new
database that would have references to the current files compiled in.


sccom Message # 6100:
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com for help.


sccom Message # 6101:
The specified library could not be opened. Verify that the path
exists and that the directory is a valid QuestaSim library.


sccom Message # 6102:
The data type of this object is not yet supported in debug.


sccom Message # 6103:
The data type of this object is not yet supported in debug.


sccom Message # 6104:
The debug database created by the previous run of sccom is invalid.


sccom Message # 6105:
The '-j <value>|auto' option specifies number of distributed parallel
processes to be run by sccom. This option takes either a <value>
which needs to be a positive number, greater than or equal to zero,
or a string 'auto' where the number of distributed parallel processes
is automatically selected based on the available cores.


sccom Message # 6106:
The -machines <hosts.txt> option specifies the machines, where the sccom processes will
be run in the distributed mode. This option has to be specified in conjunction
with the -j <value> option that enables sccom to run in the distributed mode.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6107:
The same port name was found in both a base class and a derived class.
All port names must be unique in an exported module. Rename one of the
ports to work around this problem.


sccom Message # 6108:
If the name is a file name, you can try to make the path or file name shorter.


sccom Message # 6109:
The specified option needs an argument that is missing. Please refer to the
help menu or the User's Guide for the acceptable arguments to the option.


sccom Message # 6110:
sccom distributed mode is disabled if -j 0 option has been specified. In order to run
sccom in the distributed mode ensure that the argument passed with the -j option is a
positive value greater than zero.


sccom Message # 6111:
The specified file could not be opened for reading.


sccom Message # 6112:
The specified file could not be closed.


sccom Message # 6113:
The specified file could not be opened for writing.


sccom Message # 6114:
The specified file could not be closed.


sccom Message # 6115:
The specified file could not be closed.


sccom Message # 6116:
Could not open the work library.


sccom Message # 6117:
Could not get path for the current directory


sccom Message # 6118:
There is no _info file in the work directory specified.
Use vlib to create a work directory and run sccom again.


sccom Message # 6119:
Could not change back to the original directory.


sccom Message # 6120:
There is no mapping for the specified library. Use vlib to create
a work directory and run sccom again.


sccom Message # 6121:
The C/C++ files cannot be passed with the -link or the -archive option.


sccom Message # 6122:
There is a missing argument for a command line option.
Invoke sccom -help to see the options that can be passed to sccom.


sccom Message # 6123:
An argument is missing for the command line option passed. This error
occurs when the user passes a compiler option that needs a file as its
argument. Use the -verbose option to see the options being passed to
the compiler.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6124:
An argument is missing for the command line option passed. This error
occurs when the user passes a compiler option that needs a directory as
its argument. Use the -verbose option to see the options being passed
to the compiler.


sccom Message # 6125:
There are both single and double quotes in the arguments passed.
This is not supported by sccom.


sccom Message # 6126:
Linking of the object files failed; systemc.so could not be created.
Problems occurred during the operation of sccom -link. Use the
-verbose option to see the options being passed at link time.


sccom Message # 6127:
There are no object files created. Compile the C/C++ files
before using the -link or the -archive option.


sccom Message # 6128:
sccom encountered an unsupported option. Specifically, the -o option is not
supported with sccom since all the compiler output files are managed by sccom.
sccom ignores the -o option.


sccom Message # 6129:
The file passed with the -log option has a valid C/C++ file
extension not allowed by sccom.


sccom Message # 6130:
The file passed on the command line does not have a valid C/C++ file
extension. Refer to the compiler manual to get a list of valid
file extensions.


sccom Message # 6132:
The include directories needed for compile are missing from the
compiler installation. Make sure the compiler is installed correctly.


sccom Message # 6133:
The compiler being used for compilation is not supported. Refer to
the QuestaSim release notes for a list of supported compiler versions.


sccom Message # 6134:
Could not find the compiler executable in the compiler installation specified.


sccom Message # 6137:
The current operating system is not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6139:
Check to see if you have write permissions in the working area.


sccom Message # 6140:
The object file created in the current directory could not be moved
to the work/[_sc|_sc22] or the work/[_sc|_sc22]/gensrc directory. Check the permissions
of the directories or check to see if the desired work directory is
pointing to some other location.


sccom Message # 6142:
The compilation failed. Invoke sccom with the -verbose option
to see the compile line and options being passed to sccom.


sccom Message # 6143:
Creation of debug database failed.
The debug database creation for SystemC can be disabled by passing the '-nodebug'
option to sccom during both the compilation and the linking steps.
All SystemC modules exported using the SC_MODULE_EXPORT macro should be specified
with the '-sctop' option during the compilation step.

Compile line example: sccom *.cpp -nodebug -sctop <sc_module_1> ... -sctop <sc_module_N>
Link line example: sccom -link -nodebug

Note that the design would not be debuggable in the Questa User Interface without
any debug information but there will be no impact on the simulation results.


sccom Message # 6144:
There is an incompatibility in the QuestaSim versions used to compile
files. Compile the all the files with the same version of QuestaSim.


sccom Message # 6145:
Multiply-defined symbols colliding in different object files are causing linker errors. There are
several possible remedies to this problem.
o If you are not using include guards in your header files, add them and re-compile.
  (Include guards are the #ifndef <filename>_H / #define <filename>_H /
  #endif used in the SystemC header files).

o If you have an out-of-line function defined in a .h file, you can either move
  the function to a .cpp file, or you can convert the function to be inline. Add the
  inline keyword in front of the function definition to give it 'internal
  linkage'. This makes the function 'internal' to the .o file, and the
  function's symbols will never collide with a symbol in another .o file.

o Sometimes compilers don't honor the inline keyword.  If that is the case,
  you may be able to use compiler switches to perform more aggressive
  inlining. Please check the compiler documentation for more details.

o One might compile a file in a library and then remove some functionality from this file
  to another file and recompile only the new file. Since the original file is not recompiled, the
  same symbols will exist in both the original and the new object files causing symbol collisions.
  Use vdel to delete the contents of the library and recompile the full design.

o Run 'nm' on all the object files to figure out the object files that have
  the same symbol name.


sccom Message # 6146:
The design needs appropriate include files and the SystemC verification
library for successful compilation. Invoke sccom -help to see the
options that can be passed to sccom.


sccom Message # 6147:
Could not find the scparse executable in the QuestaSim installation specified.


sccom Message # 6148:
Refer to the QuestaSim release notes to get a list of supported
operating system releases or invoke sccom -help to see if the
current operating system release is supported.


sccom Message # 6149:
QuestaSim's SystemC C++ code is compiled with the -AA option so that
C++ streams will properly function in shared libraries. -AA is
incompatible with -AP, thus -AP is not supported.


sccom Message # 6150:
Could not rename a file. Check file and directory permissions.


sccom Message # 6152:
Could not remove a file from a directory.  Check permissions.


sccom Message # 6154:
The SC_EXPORT_MODULE macro must be placed in a .cpp file. In this case
a module was detected in a header file, and it should be moved to a .cpp file.


sccom Message # 6155:
The -incr option enables sccom to compile only out-of-date files that need to
recompiled, where as the -force option force re-compiles all the files. These two
options cannot be specified together on the same sccom command line.


sccom Message # 6156:
Archiving of the object files is not supported in the incremental mode.


sccom Message # 6157:
Automatic incremental compilation does not track changes in custom-compiled
(i.e. compiled directly using the C++ compiler) objects and libraries. As such,
compilation/linking may be skipped if these are the only new changes for this session
of sccom. If this is the case, please run sccom with '-force' command-line option.


sccom Message # 6158:
Detected improperly formed variable in modelsim.ini.
No single quotes (') or double quotes (") are allowed.


sccom Message # 6159:
Missing argument for a variable in modelsim.ini.


sccom Message # 6160:
The GCC_EXEC_PREFIX environment variable is pointing to a different
location than the CppPath specified in the modelsim.ini file. This is illegal.


sccom Message # 6161:
The GCC_EXEC_PREFIX variable is pointing to a location other than the
default QuestaSim g++ compiler. Ignoring GCC_EXEC_PREFIX.


sccom Message # 6162:
When sccom is invoked with -incr option for creating a shared object, it is
mandatory for all included libraries to be compiled with -incr option. Please
refer to the User's Manual for more details on the use-model of -incr option.


sccom Message # 6164:
While looking for the end of a comment in the specified file, an end
of file condition was encountered. Verify that the correct file was
specified with the -f option and that the file is in a valid format.


sccom Message # 6165:
The debug database in one of the libraries is out of date. Run
'vdel -allsystemc' to remove all old compiled SystemC objects and
then recompile. Make sure that the class mentioned in the error message
is of the same name and type across all libraries.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6166:
Missing files are listed with the -moduleinfofiles option. Please ensure that
all files mentioned with the -moduleinfofiles option exist and run sccom again.


sccom Message # 6167:
No moduleinfo.sc files were found in the visible design libraries.
Make sure that you ran sccom compile before running sccom -link and that
your SystemC source code compiled without any errors.
The '-nodebug' option needs to be passed to sccom during both the compile and link steps.


sccom Message # 6168:
The port type of the exported module is not supported on the
mixed-language boundary or the port is a user defined port.


sccom Message # 6169:
The gcc version you are using is not officially supported. sccom has
created a predefined macro file to support the gcc. Please copy this
file to the specified directory and rerun sccom or invoke sccom with the
the -predefmacrofile <filename> option.


sccom Message # 6170:
The gcc version you are using is not officially supported. sccom needs
a predefined macro file to support the gcc. Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com.


sccom Message # 6171:
QuestaSim automatically generates and compiles "glue" code for SystemC
SystemVerilog DPI tasks and functions. The compilation of the generated
code failed. See the error message text for clues to the problem.


sccom Message # 6172:
Please do not specify directories in the include search path that contain systemc.h,
scv.h, scms.h or tlm.h header files. These header files might not be compatible with the SystemC
library distributed with the product. Using custom version of these header files might lead to
undefined behavior while linking the design or during simulation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6173:
The file passed on the command line does not have a valid C/C++ file
extension. Refer to the compiler manual to get a list of valid
file extensions.


sccom Message # 6174:
The archive file could not be created. Problems occurred during the operation
of sccom -archive. Use the -verbose option to see the options being passed to ar.


sccom Message # 6175:
ar executable path is not found. Make sure ar path is set in current shell.


sccom Message # 6176:
The type of port specified with the -map option is not a known HDL port type.


sccom Message # 6177:
The specified mapping between systemVerilog and SystemC types is not supported.


sccom Message # 6178:
Unnamed ports not supported at SystemC-SystemVerilog language boundary.


sccom Message # 6179:
An internal error occurred while parsing the XML file generated by vcom
or vlog. Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com for more
information on the error.


sccom Message # 6180:
An internal error occurred while creating the XML parser.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com for more
information on the error.


sccom Message # 6181:
Please use 'scgenmod -help' to get the correct usage of -map option.


sccom Message # 6182:
Only enums with a '2-state integer' compatible base type are supported at
the SystemC-SystemVerilog mixed language boundary.


sccom Message # 6183:
There is a link-time switch improperly used in sccom compilation time.
Invoke sccom -help to see the options that can be passed to sccom.


sccom Message # 6184:
Instantiating a Verilog configuration in a SystemC module is not
supported at the SystemC-SystemVerilog mixed language boundary.


sccom Message # 6185:
Scgenmod will only generate a SystemC foreign module declaration
for a Verilog Module or a VHDL entity.


sccom Message # 6186:
SystemC Verification Standard does not allow extending the data type
specified for generating SCV extensions.
Please refer to the SCV User's Guide for a list of supported types.


sccom Message # 6187:
HDL escaped identifiers containing special characters are not supported
at the SystemC mixed language boundary.


sccom Message # 6188:
A problem was encountered while creating threads. Please use sccom -nothreads and
report this problem at http://supportnet.mentor.com


sccom Message # 6189:
A problem was encountered with pthread_join(). Please use sccom -nothreads and
report this problem at http://supportnet.mentor.com


sccom Message # 6190:
Command line options override the modelsim.ini file variable settings.
Users should not specify the option on the command line if the intention is to use the
variable value specified in the modelsim.ini file.


sccom Message # 6191:
All objects defined in scope blocks inside sc_main are flattened to the
sc_main scope in the debug database. Hence two objects of the same type
and same declarative name cannot exist in sc_main.


sccom Message # 6192:
Please check the version of the gnu compiler being used:
Run sccom -vv, (vee-vee) to check and see if the gnu compiler is a valid
 compiler supported by QuestaSim/QuestaSim by referring to the Users Manual.
If you are using a valid compiler and still seeing this error. Please contact
http://supportnet.mentor.com.


sccom Message # 6193:
sccom by default runs in the multi-file compilation mode. The current directory being
a read-only directory sccom switched to a single-file compilation mode and would increase
compile time. Change the permissions of the current directory such that it is writeable in
order to maximize performance.


sccom Message # 6194:
sccom -linkshared should be used to create intermediate shared libraries
(systemc.so) files which eventually would be linked into the final
elaboratable system.so .
Invoke sccom -help to see the options that can be passed to sccom.


sccom Message # 6195:
The -libshared <libname> option looks for systemc.so in the library specified.
This systemc.so is an intermediate shared object that is intended to be linked
into another shared object. The -lib <libname> option picks up all the available
object files in the specified directory and creates a systemc.so.

The intermediate systemc.so created with the -linkshared option is built with specific
linker options so that there is no symbol clashing with any other systemc.so that it is
eventually linked into.


sccom Message # 6196:
The intermediate systemc.so shared library is missing from the command line.
Make sure that the intermediate systemc.so file exists and run sccom again.


sccom Message # 6197:
There are no object files found in the library(s) mentioned. Compile the C/C++ files
before using the -link or the -archive option.


sccom Message # 6200:
A valid default value must be supplied when creating a generic using the SC_GENERIC
macro. This error is issued when either an invalid default value is used, or the
default value is not provided at all. Please refer to the User's Manual for the
complete list of of supported default values for each generic type.


sccom Message # 6201:
Make sure that the class mentioned in the error message is of the same name and type
across all source files.


sccom Message # 6202:
This error most commonly occurs because a VPI or FLI routine was called
in a SystemC constructor.
If this was intentional the error can be suppressed.
Note however that PLI support is not present (with some exceptions) in vopt
and will be limited during vsim elaboration when the constructors are called.
For other situations please contact support.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6203:
An incompatible GNU compiler is being used. It is expected to use a 32-bit GNU
compiler with a 32-bit sccom and a 64-bit GNU compiler with a 64-bit sccom.
Using an incompatible GNU compiler will lead to creation of an incompatible
systemc.so shared library that will eventually cause loading errors during
elaboration. This message can be suppressed with the -suppress option to sccom.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6205:
The SystemC-2.3 kernel is supported with the gcc-7.4.0, gcc-5.3.0 and gcc-4.7.4 compilers.


sccom Message # 6206:
The work library contains object files/systemc.so compiled with a different compiler.
Make sure that the same options are specified during the compile, link, optimization
and simulation phases


sccom Message # 6207:
There are no object files created. Compile the C/C++ files
before using the -link or the -archive option.


sccom Message # 6208:
Please review the vmpiexec errors from the log file and take corrective action.


sccom Message # 6209:
There is no additional information for this message.


sccom Message # 6210:
Please move the top-level SystemC module outside of a namespace, recompile the design without the
namespace specification for the -sctop argument.


sccom Message # 6211:
The -sctop option should be used with the -nodebug option. The top level SystemC module
specification is needed only in the -nodebug mode.


sccom Message # 6212:
Support for the IEEE 1666-2005 SystemC-2.2 standard has been deprecated
and it is no longer supported.
It is recommended to use the default SystemC-2.3.2 version.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

sccom Message # 6213:
'-fpermissive' is used to compile SystemC code. This option allows non-conforming
C/C++ user code to compile and downgrade errors to warnings in non-conformant C/C++ code.
The Questa SystemC debug database generation does not allow non-conforming C/C++ code.
This option may cause Questa debug database generation failure or inaccurate results.

It is recommended to fix non-conforming code and remove usage of '-fpermissive' option.

If user must use '-fpermissive' option, and if there are failure or other issues in Questa
debug database, workaround is to disable Questa debug database generation by passing '-nodebug'
option to sccom command during both the compilation and linking steps.
All SystemC modules exported using the SC_MODULE_EXPORT macro must be specified with the '-sctop'
option during the compilation step, along with '-nodebug'.


sccom Message # 6214:
The character length for the distributed 'sccom' command hit the platform dependent machine limit.
Execute 'xargs --show-limits < /dev/null' to determine the maximum limits on linux platforms.
'sccom' will try to generate a command line file automatically. If 'sccom' fails during
the generation of the command line file, try to reduce the number of distributed parallel processes
specified by -j <n> in order not to exceed the machine limit.


sccom Message # 6215:
Support for the IEEE 1666-2005 SystemC-2.2 standard is not available for
win64 platform.
It is recommended to use the default SystemC-2.3.2 version.


sccom Message # 6216:
This error shows that the linker is trying to load 32-bit link time optimization plugin
"liblto_plugin.so" meanwhile the linker is a 64-bit executable.
This error is likely to happen on recently supported platforms like Redhat8 and Suse15
as system linker has to be used in order to overcome binutils versions incompatibilities
while targeting 32-bit applications.
This error can be overcome by passing the flag '-fno-use-linker-plugin' to
'sccom -link' command-line.


sccom Message # 6217:
Distributed compile mode will be running two sccom child processes
instead of a single child process. This is being done due to the presence
of mixed file extensions (c/cpp) in the input file list to be compiled.
The goal of having two processes instead of one is to ensure that input files
with mixed extensions are being split into two parallel processes where each child
process is going to handle a single set of extensions.



vsim-systemc Message # 6500:
This is a test message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6501:
The calculated high time for the clock is zero. The high time is the
clock period multiplied by the duty cycle rounded to an integer.


vsim-systemc Message # 6502:
Ports are not allowed outside the scope of a SC_MODULE.


vsim-systemc Message # 6503:
The calculated clock period is zero. If a clock period is specified in the
clock constructor then check if it is zero. If the clock is created with no
clock period parameter, or if the clock period is specified based on the default
time unit, check the simulation resolution limit and the default simulation time
unit settings. The default values of these parameters are set in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim-systemc Message # 6504:
The calculated low time for the clock is zero. The low time is the difference
between the clock period and clock high time. The high time is calculated by
multiplying the clock period by the duty cycle.


vsim-systemc Message # 6505:
A fifo can be connected to only one read and one write interface.


vsim-systemc Message # 6506:
A fifo can be connected to only one read and one write interface.


vsim-systemc Message # 6507:
A fifo of size less than one does not exist.


vsim-systemc Message # 6508:
Could not bind an interface to a port. All ports in the design must be
bound to simulate a design. The reason for the failure to bind is specified
in the message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6509:
Could not bind a port to a port. All ports in the design must be bound to simulate
a design. The reason for the failure to bind is specified in the message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6510:
Could not bind a port after elaboration. All ports in the design must be bound
to simulate a design. The reason for the failure to bind is specified in the
message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-systemc Message # 6511:
Unable to add the port to the design database. Either the simulation is currently
running or a port of the same name is already created earlier in the same scope.


vsim-systemc Message # 6512:
Unable to remove the port from the design database. The port does not exist in the design.


vsim-systemc Message # 6513:
Unable to get the interface bound with the port. Either the port is unbound
or the accessed index is out of bounds.


vsim-systemc Message # 6514:
Unable to add the prim channel to the design database. Either the simulation
is currently running or a prim channel of the same name is already created
earlier in the same scope.


vsim-systemc Message # 6515:
Unable to remove the prim channel from the design database. The port does
not exist in the design.


vsim-systemc Message # 6516:
A signal of type sc_signal<T>, an unresolved signal type, is connected to
more than one drivers.  Use a resolved signal type like sc_signal_resolved or
sc_signal_rv<N> to connect multiple drivers.


vsim-systemc Message # 6517:
No default event found for the channel. The default event of a channel is
returned by the default_event() interface method. The value change event is usually
the default event for primitive channels.


vsim-systemc Message # 6518:
The resolved port is not bound to a resolved signal at the end of elaboration.
All ports in the design must be bound to simulate a design.


vsim-systemc Message # 6519:
Could not find event for the port. No interface is bound to the port.


vsim-systemc Message # 6520:
A semaphore cannot be initialized with a negative value.


vsim-systemc Message # 6521:
Only signal types like sc_signal<T>, sc_signal_resolved and sc_signal_rv<N> and
their corresponding port types can be connected to a HDL signal.


vsim-systemc Message # 6522:
Global objects are destroyed at exit time when the 'systemc.so' does not unload after a
call to dlclose().
A few reasons that could lead to the 'systemc.so' not unloading are:
o A dependent shared library not unloading
o Objects marked as UNIQUE by the compiler, this can be verified by doing
'readelf -Ws <shared_library> | grep UNIQUE' on the 'systemc.so' and dependendent shared libraries


vsim-systemc Message # 6523:
Word length must be greater than zero.


vsim-systemc Message # 6524:
Number of bits must be greater than zero.


vsim-systemc Message # 6525:
The division word length must be greater than zero.


vsim-systemc Message # 6526:
The word length of a constant must be greater than zero.


vsim-systemc Message # 6527:
The specified maximum word length is invalid.


vsim-systemc Message # 6528:
The assigned fixed-point value is not compatible.


vsim-systemc Message # 6529:
The overflow mode set for the fixed point type is invalid for the reasons stated in the message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6530:
The accessed index of the fixed point number is out range.


vsim-systemc Message # 6531:
Unable to begin context.  begin() might have been called earlier on this context.
In that case call end() before the next begin().


vsim-systemc Message # 6532:
Unable to end context. end() might have been called earlier on this context or a
begin() was never called on this context.


vsim-systemc Message # 6533:
Sign magnitude wrap around is not defined for unsigned numbers.


vsim-systemc Message # 6534:
Initial value must be greater than zero.


vsim-systemc Message # 6535:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6536:
Unable to perform operations.


vsim-systemc Message # 6537:
Unable to convert value.


vsim-systemc Message # 6538:
Getting a non-boolean value for the evaluated expression.
The result is expected to be a boolean value.


vsim-systemc Message # 6539:
Getting a non-integer value for the evaluated expression.
The result is expected to be an integer.


vsim-systemc Message # 6540:
Getting a non-sc_logic value for the evaluated expression.
The result is expected to be an sc_logic.


vsim-systemc Message # 6541:
The expression cannot be evaluated since the operands are not of sc_logic type.


vsim-systemc Message # 6542:
The expression cannot be evaluated since the operands are not of boolean type.


vsim-systemc Message # 6543:
Found an object of the same name already present in the design hierarchy.
Every object in the design hierarchy should have a unique name. Later
declarations with the same name are ignored.


vsim-systemc Message # 6544:
The object name has characters which are not legal in SystemC.
The illegal characters in the name will be substituted to make the name legal.


vsim-systemc Message # 6545:
This is an internal error.  A process is trying to read before being initialized.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com if you get this error in your design.


vsim-systemc Message # 6546:
By default the maximum number of processes allowed in a design is 10.
This can be changed by including the following two lines before including
'systemc.h' in your source code:
		#define SC_USER_DEFINED_MAX_NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES
		#define SC_VC6_MAX_NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES <number desired>


vsim-systemc Message # 6547:
The function to complete a module construction is not called.  This can happen
when the module's constructor is missing the sc_module_name parameter.


vsim-systemc Message # 6548:
Previous errors during construction can lead to incorrect hierarchical name
for a module. Please fix the earlier errors before proceeding.


vsim-systemc Message # 6549:
The stack size can be set only for thread processes which include SC_THREAD
and SC_CTHREAD.


vsim-systemc Message # 6550:
sc_module_name is being used incorrectly. sc_module_name must be used only
as a formal argument to a SystemC module constructor. A SystemC module
is a class derived from sc_module which can be created using the SC_MODULE
macro.  The SC_CTOR macro creates a module constructor with a sc_module_name
argument.


vsim-systemc Message # 6551:
Could not find a name for the module. The module constructor might be missing
the sc_module_name parameter.


vsim-systemc Message # 6552:
The call to the function sc_set_time_resolution() failed since it violated
one of the rules for setting resolution.


vsim-systemc Message # 6553:
The call to the function sc_set_default_time_unit() failed since it
violated one of the rules for setting the default time unit.


vsim-systemc Message # 6554:
The default time unit is modified based on the simulation resolution limit set
by the sc_set_time_resolution() function.


vsim-systemc Message # 6555:
QuestaSim allows wait(n) only in SC_CTHREAD processes. SC_METHOD and SC_THREAD
cannot have a wait for N clock cycles


vsim-systemc Message # 6556:
Since a method process cannot suspend or consume time, wait() on
a method has no meaning.  Hence a terminated event is not
provided for a method.


vsim-systemc Message # 6557:
SC_METHOD process cannot have a wait() statement.  It is allowed only in
thread processes, SC_THREAD and SC_CTHREAD. Use next_trigger() to modify the
sensitivity list of a method process the next time it is called. sc_main() cannot
have wait() statements either. It can have only sc_start() calls.


vsim-systemc Message # 6558:
Thread processes cannot have a call to next_trigger().  This is meant only for
SC_METHOD processes. Use a wait() statement instead to achieve the same behavior.


vsim-systemc Message # 6559:
Immediate notification is not permitted in the simulation update phase,
when signal values are updated.  It is allowed only during the evaluation phase
of the simulator when processes are executed.


vsim-systemc Message # 6560:
halt() is not allowed in a SC_METHOD and SC_THREAD process. It is allowed
only in a SC_CTHREAD process.


vsim-systemc Message # 6561:
watching() has been deprecated in SystemC 2.2.  It is replaced by the
function reset_signal_is(). Please refer to the SystemC IEEE-1666 LRM
for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6562:
dont_initialize() has no effect for SC_CTHREADs. SC_CTHREADs are not initialized
by default unlike SC_METHOD and SC_THREAD.


vsim-systemc Message # 6563:
The number of clock cycles n in wait(n) must be a positive number.


vsim-systemc Message # 6564:
Failed to modify the sensitivity list of the process since the simulation
has already started.  The sensitivity list of a process can be set only during
construction(elaboration).


vsim-systemc Message # 6565:
Failed to modify the sensitivity list of the process since the simulation
has already started.  The sensitivity list of a process can be set only during
construction(elaboration).


vsim-systemc Message # 6566:
Failed to modify the sensitivity list of the process since the simulation
has already started.  The sensitivity list of a process can be set only during
construction(elaboration).


vsim-systemc Message # 6567:
Failed to insert a module in the design hierarchy. Either a module of the
same name already exists in the design database or the simulation has already
started. Modules can be created only during construction(elaboration).


vsim-systemc Message # 6568:
Failed to remove the module from the design database. The module does not
exist in the design database.


vsim-systemc Message # 6569:
The event on which notify_delayed() is called already has a pending notification
at a future time. notify_delayed() cannot be called on an event unless all its
pending notifications are handled.


vsim-systemc Message # 6570:
gen_unique_name() can generates a unique name based on the basename supplied
to it.  The basename passed cannot be NULL.


vsim-systemc Message # 6571:
The module name stack can be empty if some module is constructed without a
proper name.  This can happen if the module constructor is missing the
sc_module_name parameter.


vsim-systemc Message # 6572:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6573:
sc_start() is not supported in QuestaSim. Use the run command to achieve
the same behaviour. Please refer to the QuestaSim Users Manual for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6574:
The SystemC simulation is stopped due to a call to sc_simulation_stop().


vsim-systemc Message # 6575:
The HDL child instantiated by a SystemC parent could not be loaded. Please
check if the HDL module passed to the sc_foreign_module constructor is correct
and the module is available in the library specified.


vsim-systemc Message # 6576:
QuestaSim does not support calling sc_initialize from a SystemC design, please
refer to the QuestaSim Users Manual for information.


vsim-systemc Message # 6577:
SystemC simulation objects like module, channel, ports etc cannot
be declared as an automatic variable. Doing so would cause such objects
to be deleted when the function goes out of scope. All simulation objects
must be valid through out the simulation session so that debugging support
for such objects can be provided from an interactive simulation.
Since QuestaSim executes sc_main() as a thread, the same rule applies
to sc_main() as well. To prevent sc_main() from going out of scope
before quitting the current simulation, a call to sc_start(-1) is
required before any simulation object is deleted.


vsim-systemc Message # 6578:
The registered message ID is invalid. If you are not using the SystemC
message handler in your source code, then this is an internal error. Please
report the error at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim-systemc Message # 6579:
Input string is too long. The output string might be truncated.


vsim-systemc Message # 6580:
front() is called on an empty list. The list should have at least one element
to call front().


vsim-systemc Message # 6581:
back() is called on an empty list. The list should have at least one element
to call back().


vsim-systemc Message # 6582:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6583:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6584:
Unable to convert value to bit vector. The exact reason for the conversion
failure is given in the message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6585:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6586:
The value assigned is outside the set of accepted values for the type. For all
SystemC types, the type and value definitions are in the C++ header files in
modeltech/include/systemc.


vsim-systemc Message # 6587:
Vectors must has a minimum size of one.


vsim-systemc Message # 6588:
Vectors containing 4-state logic values are being converted to 2-state values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-systemc Message # 6589:
sc_bv being a 2-state vector cannot contain 4-state values. Use sc_lv<N> to
store 4-state values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-systemc Message # 6590:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6591:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6592:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6593:
sc_logic value 'Z', a 4-state value cannot be converted to a 2-state
boolean value.


vsim-systemc Message # 6594:
sc_logic value 'X', a 4-state value cannot be converted to a 2-state
boolean value.


vsim-systemc Message # 6596:
The accessed bit index is out of bound of the vector.


vsim-systemc Message # 6597:
Unknown SystemC error. Please report the problem at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim-systemc Message # 6598:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6599:
This is a debug message which will be printed out only if the source
is compiled with the -DDEBUG_SYSTEMC flag.


vsim-systemc Message # 6600:
Call to sc_assert() failed. Check the condition for the sc_assert() call
and make appropriate changes.


vsim-systemc Message # 6601:
The call to the function sc_set_time_resolution() failed since it violated
one of the rules for setting resolution.


vsim-systemc Message # 6602:
QuestaSim has not implemented the above feature in this release. Please contact
http://supportnet.mentor.com to know the exact timeline for this feature implementation.


vsim-systemc Message # 6603:
The accessed bit index is out of bound of the vector.


vsim-systemc Message # 6604:
Internal error. Please report the error at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim-systemc Message # 6605:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6606:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6607:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6608:
A call to a function like sc_get_int_param() to get the value of
a generic/parameter override from HDL parent failed.  Currently vopt
does not propagate generic/parameter overrides across design units.
These function will return invalid values when called in vopt mode.
Please check the return status of these functions to see if the returned
value is valid. This limitation will be removed in a later release.


vsim-systemc Message # 6609:
Observing a foreign signal from an sc_clock object is not supported.


vsim-systemc Message # 6610:
You can work around the problem by using reference syntax (rather than
pointer syntax) in the modules that only reference the object.


vsim-systemc Message # 6611:
The SC_METHOD macro can be called only before simulation starts.


vsim-systemc Message # 6612:
The SC_THREAD macro can be called only before simulation starts.


vsim-systemc Message # 6613:
The SC_CTHREAD macro can be called only before simulation starts.


vsim-systemc Message # 6614:
The sc_stop() function can be called only once.


vsim-systemc Message # 6615:
sc_stop mode can be set only during elaboration of the design.


vsim-systemc Message # 6616:
This feature is deprecated in the IEEE 1666 version of the SystemC LRM.
Please refer to the LRM for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6617:
Only thread processes are allowed to be registered with a sc_join object.


vsim-systemc Message # 6618:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6619:
This instance of sc_export is not bound to any interface object.


vsim-systemc Message # 6620:
A sc_export instance can be created only during the elaboration/construction phase of the simulator.


vsim-systemc Message # 6621:
Internal error. Please report the error at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim-systemc Message # 6622:
A sc_clock object is a read-only object.  The parameters of the clock
can be set at constructions. It is illegal to write to a clock.


vsim-systemc Message # 6623:
An interface object was not associated with the sc_export object at
construction_done() call for the sc_export.


vsim-systemc Message # 6624:
No such sc_export object exists in the sc_export registry.


vsim-systemc Message # 6625:
QuestaSim does not support the resizing of TLM fifo's.


vsim-systemc Message # 6626:
QuestaSim does not support dynamic binding of sc_export in the GUI.
The new binding will take effect in simulation but the GUI and CLI
commands will see the old binding.


vsim-systemc Message # 6627:
Could not find binding for a port at the end of elaboration.


vsim-systemc Message # 6628:
It is illegal to change the binding of an sc_export.  Once a sc_export
is bound to an object it must remain so throughout the simulation.


vsim-systemc Message # 6629:
This switch is for internal use only.


vsim-systemc Message # 6630:
In case of a pure SystemC design there is no difference between a sc_out
and a sc_inout port.  However in a mixed-language design, a sc_out port
is treated strictly as an output port. A read() on a sc_out port will
give the resolved value of the port at that level of hierarchy. It will
not be the effective value of the signal chain like an inout port.


vsim-systemc Message # 6631:
User must register DPI-SC import using sc_dpi_register_cpp_function() routine
on SystemC side before this import is called on SystemVerilog DPI side.


vsim-systemc Message # 6632:
User can only register a SystemC import function declared as DPI-SC import
on SystemVerilog side.


vsim-systemc Message # 6633:
User should register a SystemC import function using a unique name.


vsim-systemc Message # 6634:
User needs to make sure that return type declaration is consistent.


vsim-systemc Message # 6635:
The SystemVerilog DPI-SC export calls are not defined in the elaboration
as the export functions/tasks are not yet elaborated.


vsim-systemc Message # 6636:
The call may fail in the elaboration phase as the design is not fully
elaborated yet.


vsim-systemc Message # 6637:
The member functions defined to implement the request-update semantics
are getting called in an incorrect order for the channel in question.
This is an internal error, please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com if you
get this error in your design.


vsim-systemc Message # 6638:
The SystemC simulation restart is expected to fail when systemc.so
unloading is disabled under certain circumstances.


vsim-systemc Message # 6639:
User must register DPI-SC import using sc_dpi_register_cpp_function() routine
on SystemC side before this import is called on SystemVerilog DPI side.


vsim-systemc Message # 6640:
User must use scSetScopeByName() on the Verilog side to set the SystemC scope before calling
a SystemVerilog DPI-SC import function.


vsim-systemc Message # 6641:
A valid SystemC scope is expected.


vsim-systemc Message # 6642:
The callback function for custom debug can be registered from constructors
and the phase callback function before_end_of_elaboration().


vsim-systemc Message # 6643:
The specified SystemC scope could not be found in the design. Use the
structure window to verify the existence of the hierarchical name of the object.


vsim-systemc Message # 6644:
The object by the given name is not a SystemC module. Use the
structure, signals, and variables windows to verify the object type.


vsim-systemc Message # 6645:
Only one reset signal can be specified for a SC_CTHREAD using
reset_signal_is(). Please refer to the SystemC IEEE-1666 LRM
for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6646:
reset_signal_is() is only supported for SystemC CTHREADS or SC_CTHREADS.
Please refer to the SystemC IEEE-1666 LRM for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6647:
Only SC_CTHREADS can be reset to run from start, reset_signal_is() sets
the reset signal and the reset value for a CTHREAD.
It is not supported for any other kinds of threads.
Please refer to the SystemC IEEE-1666 LRM for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6648:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6649:
QuestaSim requires that the SystemC dynamic module array elements
follow the naming convention described in the QuestaSim User's Manual.
The SystemC module instance by the given name here is assumed as one of
the dynamic module array elements.


vsim-systemc Message # 6650:
The foreign module has been elaborated already either implicitly via sc_foreign_module
constructor that takes a HDL design unit name, or explicitly via an elaborate_foreign_module()
call. It is not allowed to call elaborate_foreign_module() again for the same foreign
module. Please search for the foreign module wrapper declaration by its name given in
the error message, and remove the redundant elaborate_foreign_module() call from the constructor.


vsim-systemc Message # 6651:
QuestaSim failed to find a context for the process being created.
Make sure SC_CTOR and sc_module_name is used correctly for this context.
Please contact QuestaSim support for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6652:
It is illegal to create a SC_THREAD or SC_METHOD process inside a
sc_foreign_module.


vsim-systemc Message # 6653:
Signal Spy functions can be called only from the following:
- Constructors of a SC_MODULE.
- Processes of a SC_MODULE.
- Elaboration and simulation callbacks.


vsim-systemc Message # 6654:
Signal Spy functions can be called only from the following:
- Constructors of a SC_MODULE.
- Processes of a SC_MODULE.
- Elaboration and simulation callbacks.


vsim-systemc Message # 6655:
By default a SC-DPI export function call can't be interrupted when it is initiated
from a SystemC method process. To allow debugging or setting breakpoint in a SC-DPI
function call, please use vsim switch '-scdpidebug'. Or alternatively use a SystemC
thread process to invoke the SC-DPI export function call. Currently breakpoints for
out-of-the-blue export call are not supported.


vsim-systemc Message # 6656:
An out-of-the-blue export function call can't be interrupted by default. The breakpoints
in the export function will be ignored. One can try '-dpioutoftheblue 2' switch, under
which an out-of-the-blue export call can be interrupted if it is initiated from a
SystemC thread/method. For any other kinds of out-of-the-blue calls, no debug
support is available even when '-dpioutoftheblue 2' switch is turned on.


vsim-systemc Message # 6657:
sc_start() does not accept a negative simulation interval. The only allowable
negative interval is -1. Please specify -1 or a positive simulation interval.


vsim-systemc Message # 6658:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6659:
The foreign module is not elaborated.  A foreign module is elaborated
either by calling the sc_foreign_module constructor with the HDL module
name as an argument or by calling the elaborate_foreign_module() function
from the foreign module constructor.


vsim-systemc Message # 6660:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6661:
The SystemC portion of the design is missing. And yet there is a DPI-SC import function declared.


vsim-systemc Message # 6662:
The missing func is a wrapper DPI-SC function. It is automatically
generated by tool and linked into systemc.so by default. Check whether
the SV design that uses this func has been compiled into a different
library or not. If yes, '-dpilib' switch is needed during 'sccom -link'
phase. Also make sure 'sccom -link' is done after all the relevant SV
design compilations.


vsim-systemc Message # 6663:
A difference in design hierarchy in SystemC region was detected between vopt and vsim.
It is likely that the instantiation statement corresponding to this extra/missing
instance is dependent on the value of a generic propagated from HDL top to underlying
SystemC. Vopt does not propagate generic/parameter overrides across SystemC. As such,
values of SystemC generics are not fixed in vopt. Before using the value of SystemC
generics in the module contructor in vopt, the return status of functions like
sc_get_int_param(), or validity flags of macros like SC_INIT_INT_GENERIC() must be
checked to ensure that the value of the generic is valid. Please refer to the User's
Manual for more details. This limitation will be removed in a later release.


vsim-systemc Message # 6664:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6665:
The LD_LIBRARY_PATH has been set to pick up the GNU compiler libraries from the
default Questa installation. The MVC shared libraries used have been built using
a different GNU compiler which may cause undesirable behaviour.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-systemc Message # 6666:
An sc_clock is not allowed to be connected to sc_inout or sc_out ports.


vsim-systemc Message # 6667:
Please refer to the 'Recommendations for using sc_main at the Top level' section in the
Users Manual for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6668:
Using -cpppath overrides the supported GNU compilers and is not supported.
Using an unsupported compiler may lead to undesirable behaviour.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-systemc Message # 6669:
Unable to add the export to the design database. Either the simulation is currently
running or a export of the same name is already created earlier in the same scope.


vsim-systemc Message # 6670:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6671:
Cannot request asynchronous update on this prim channel.
Check if -DSC_DISABLE_ASYNC_UPDATES has been passed during compilation.
Passing this define disables the asynchronous update support.


vsim-systemc Message # 6672:
sc_vector::init() has already been called on the vector. sc_vector::init()
can be called only once for any vector.


vsim-systemc Message # 6673:
sc_vector::init has been called from an invalid context.


vsim-systemc Message # 6674:
An sc_vector has to be initialized and needs a valid range for the source and destination
for the bind() member function to work.


vsim-systemc Message # 6675:
Elements of the sc_vector need to be derived from an sc_object.


vsim-systemc Message # 6676:
Immediate self-notification of processes is no longer supported.
due to changes in IEEE 1666-2011 (see sc_event::notify, 5.10.6).
Compile with SC_ENABLE_IMMEDIATE_SELF_NOTIFICATIONS defined to
obtain the old behaviour.


vsim-systemc Message # 6677:
The process is currently unwinding due a to kill/reset call, it is illegal to call
wait() on the process.


vsim-systemc Message # 6678:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6679:
Cannot throw an sc_unwind_exception again as there is already an sc_unwind_exception
thrown by the kill/reset process control function.


vsim-systemc Message # 6680:
The process is currently unwinding or a zombie. The calls to kill/reset will be ignored.


vsim-systemc Message # 6681:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6682:
sc_start() cannot be called after a call to sc_stop(). A call to sc_stop() halts the simulation.


vsim-systemc Message # 6683:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6684:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6685:
throw_it cannot be called on a mthod or a process that is not running hence being ignored.


vsim-systemc Message # 6686:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6687:
The process does not have static sensitivity.


vsim-systemc Message # 6688:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6689:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6690:
A deprecated constructor is being used. sc_module(const char*),
 sc_module(const std::string&) have been deprecated, use sc_module(const sc_module_name&)


vsim-systemc Message # 6691:
An empty process handle is an invalid handle that is not associated with any
underlying process instance. In other words, an invalid process handle is either
an empty handle or is associated with a terminated process instance.


vsim-systemc Message # 6692:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6693:
A process needs to be initiliazed before calling the kill() process control
method on it. Make sure that the thread is initialized before calling kill() on it.


vsim-systemc Message # 6694:
The simulation is not running hence a process cannot be asynchronosuly reset.
For the process to be reset the simulation must be running.


vsim-systemc Message # 6695:
Process control function throw_it() cannot be called on a process handle
when the simulation is running, paused, or in the start_of_simulation() and
in the end_of_elaboration() callbacks.


vsim-systemc Message # 6696:
Questa runs with the SC_RUN_TO_TIME policy by default and the SC_EXIT_ON_STARVATION policy
is being ignored.


vsim-systemc Message # 6697:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 6698:
This feature is deprecated in the IEEE 1666-2011 version of the SystemC LRM.
Please refer to the LRM for more details.


vsim-systemc Message # 6699:
In the SystemC checkpoint/restore flow events, variables, signals, threads, methods are disabled.
Please ensure that the design is not actively using these objects as the design may not simulate
correctly.


ucdb Message # 6800:
The UCDB API routine is expecting a valid ucdbScopeT handle, the given
handle is either NULL, or it is already removed from the UCDB.


ucdb Message # 6801:
The UCDB API routine is expecting a valid design unit scope handle.
Design unit scope types are UCDB_DU_MODULE, UCDB_DU_ARCH,
UCDB_DU_PACKAGE, UCDB_DU_PROGRAM or UCDB_DU_INTERFACE.
The given handle is either none of these types, or NULL.


ucdb Message # 6802:
The UCDB API routine is expecting a coverindex which should be less
then the number of coveritems present in its parent scope.


ucdb Message # 6803:
The UCDB API routine is expecting a valid test item handle. The given
ucdbTestT handle is either NULL or not a test item object.


ucdb Message # 6804:
The UCDB API routine is expecting a valid database handle. The given
ucdbT handle is either NULL or not a database object.


ucdb Message # 6805:
Problem with opening the given filename in specified mode. In read mode,
either the file doesn't has the necessary user permissions, or it
doesn't exist. In write mode, the file doesn't has the necessary user
permissions.


ucdb Message # 6806:
The ucdb_Open() routine is called for an unknown open mode. The valid
database open modes are, UCDB_READ, UCDB_WRITE, UCDB_READWRITE,
UCDB_READSTREAMING, and UCDB_WRITESTREAMING.


ucdb Message # 6807:
An UCDB database can only be closed if any testdata is present in the
database, otherwise the ucdb_Close() routine will fail to write the
database into the disc. The database will remain valid, and the user
can add testdata using ucdb_AddTest() routine and close it.


ucdb Message # 6808:
The specified filename is not a valid UCDB database file. It may be any
other kind of file, or corrupted. The UCDB can not read this file.


ucdb Message # 6809:
The specified filename is NULL, UCDB open routines need valid filenames.


ucdb Message # 6810:
The UCDB can read database files using UCDB_READSTREAMING mode, where no
object is created, and the data is kept on some static area after getting
from the disc in a streaming fashion. Some API routines can't work on
this mode because the needed data is already overwritten in the static
area. Similarly UCDB database can be created in UCDB_WRITESTREAMING
mode, where no objects are created, and the data directly written to
the disc. Some API routines can't work on this mode of operation.


ucdb Message # 6811:
There are some UCDB API routines which works on UCDB_WRITESTREAMING mode
only. In other modes they doesn't make any sense.


ucdb Message # 6812:
The same tag is already created on the given scope object.


ucdb Message # 6813:
A bin with specified name is already exists inside the scope. There are
some predefined bin names exist which can't appear more than once
inside their parent scopes. See the ucdb.h file for the predefined bin
names.


ucdb Message # 6814:
There are some type of coveritem bins which can appear only inside some
specific type of scopes. For example, UCDB_BRANCHBIN type coveritems can
appear only inside UCDB_BRANCH type scopes. Any attempt to violate that
will result in an error.


ucdb Message # 6815:
There are some UCDB API routines which can't work on UCDB_READSTREAMING
database open mode. The ucdb_Open() is one of them, to open a database
in this mode, use ucdb_OpenReadStream() routine instead of ucdb_Open().


ucdb Message # 6816:
Expecting a valid handle for attribute key or value, but the given one
is NULL.


ucdb Message # 6817:
Some UCDB scopes are known as leaf level scopes, and they can't contain
any child scope inside them. Normally the coverage type scopes, like,
UCDB_BRANCH, UCDB_EXPR, UCDB_TOGGLE, UCDB_FAM, UCDB_COVER, UCDB_ASSERT,
etc. are known as leaf level scopes. Any HDL type scopes, like,
UCDB_INSTANCE, UCDB_BLOCK, UCDB_PACKAGE, etc. can contain child scopes
inside them.


ucdb Message # 6818:
Instance scope needs a type-scope handle to create it, the instance
scope is the object for an instance of the type-scope object. For
example, instance scope UCDB_INSTANCE may be for an instance for a
type-scope of type UCDB_DU_MODULE.


ucdb Message # 6819:
The UCDB_CROSS objects are for cross coverage of some other coverpoint
objects. Some API routines work only on UCDB_CROSS type objects to access
the coverpoint informations. It is an error to pass any other kind of
object to those routines instead of UCDB_CROSS type object.


ucdb Message # 6820:
The vcover merge process found a difference in checksums (or signatures)
for a given design unit in different input UCDB files.  This may mean that
different versions of source are being merged together.  If so, certain
kinds of code coverage cannot be reliably merged together because they are
only identified by line number.  The instance will be skipped in the merge
to avoid meaningless data.
If you are confident to go ahead with that source code changes among
different UCDBs, you may override this warning -- and allow the named design
unit to be merged -- by using the '-ignoredusig' (ignore design unit
signature) flag to vcover merge.


ucdb Message # 6821:
The reported object has different types in target and input databases.
This error might occur when an object from input UCDB file is going to
be merged with the object which is at the same hierarchical position
in the merge target, but their types are different in two UCDB databases.
This might be due to any change or rename in the design tree, or in
testbench. An example is, when a specific object name represents a cover
directive in one UCDB and a covergroup in another UCDB.
The merge will be ignored for the reported object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

ucdb Message # 6822:
An error occurred during merge for the reported object, the
merge result may be incorrect. If you see this error then contact
http://supportnet.mentor.com.


ucdb Message # 6823:
The file format of UCDB database file is either too old, or, newer than what the tool
is linked with. The current UCDB reader fails to read UCDB files in those cases.


ucdb Message # 6824:
A file I/O system call failed while reading or writing a UCDB file.  The
error string from the operating system is given and hopefully indicates
the problem.  If in doubt, call support.


ucdb Message # 6825:
The indicated argument is invalid.  This may be for various reasons:
the argument is out-of-bounds, is NULL when it should not be, etc.
The circumstances will vary depending on the API function; read the
header comments in ucdb.h to try to determine the nature of the error.


ucdb Message # 6826:
The given command is no longer supported now. The user can see the
coverage results by opening their coverage database files in view mode,
by using the command 'vsim -viewcov <coverage_file>'


ucdb Message # 6827:
An internal/unexpected error occurred during read/write of the named
file. If you see this error then contact at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


ucdb Message # 6828:
The reported API is not supported for the given object type.
Use the recommended API which can work on that type of object.


ucdb Message # 6829:
Only some selected type of scopes are allowed to create at top level,
mainly those which can appear at top in HDL designs. Other scopes,
including coverage scopes(like UCDB_BRANCH, UCDB_EXPR, UCDB_COND,
UCDB_FSM, UCDB_COVERPOINT, UCDB_CROSS etc.) are not allowed to be
there at top level.


ucdb Message # 6830:
The scope or test or coveritem is not found. The object might not be
there in parent scope, or a different UCDB handle is passed to the
routine.


ucdb Message # 6831:
Some scopes have only a few predefined coveritems, and those
coveritems are obvious to those scopes. So the coveritems from those
scopes are not allowed to remove. UCDB_ASSERT and UCDB_TOGGLE are
scopes of that kind.


ucdb Message # 6832:
The given predefined attribute -- name defined in ucdb.h -- is of an
an unexpected type or value.  This may mean it was overridden by the
user through the UCDB API.


ucdb Message # 6833:
An enhanced merge algorithm (test-associated merge) -- which preserves extra
information about what tests incremented what coverage values -- can only be
performed on unmerged UCDBs or on UCDBs themselves created from the same
type of merge.  Previously merged files must have been created with vcover
merge -testassociated.  The workaround to this error is to use vcover merge
-totals in the later merge, which makes fewer assumptions but does not make
the test association.
This error can also occur for UCDBs which have coverage but no test records:
this can only occur if the file has been modified through the UCDB API.


ucdb Message # 6834:
This can occur when UCDBKEY_TESTVECTOR ('T') attributes for individual
bins have been edited by the user through the UCDB API or the 'coverage
attribute' CLI.  These attributes are created by 'vcover merge -testassoc'
merges and must be intact if one of these merged outputs serves as an
input to a subsequent test- associated merge.  If the user believes this
is not the case, the error is not expected, and we would appreciate it if
the input files could be sent to QuestaSim/Questa customer support.


ucdb Message # 6835:
The process found a difference in cover data type while merging two
UCDB databases, which means that one of the cover data is vector type
and the other is not. When different designs, or different
configurations, or same design with different parameter settings are
loaded in simulation, then it is possible that there are different
modules instantiated at the same hierarchical positions for differently
loaded simulations. If UCDB files are created from those different
simulation runs, then this error can occur while trying to merge those
UCDB files.


ucdb Message # 6836:
The coverage file that was loaded contained no design information.
Perhaps too many -strip levels were removed during merging.


ucdb Message # 6837:
Occurred while computing per-test data with a test associated
merge.  This is probably an internal error, but could have occurred if
the file was modified by the user, if any of the 'TESTVECTOR' attributes
on coveritems were changed.  The first coveritem for which the error
occurred was given with the error message.


ucdb Message # 6838:
This can occur when UCDBKEY_NUMSAMPLED ('NUMSAMPLED') or
UCDBKEY_SAMPLEARRAY ('SAMPLES') attributes have been edited by the user
through the UCDB API or the coverage attribute CLI.  These attributes are
created by 'vcover merge -testassoc' merges and must be intact if one of
these merged outputs serves as an input to a subsequent test-associated
merge.  If the user believes this is not the case, the error is not
expected, and we would appreciate it if the input files could be sent to
QuestaSim/Questa customer support.


ucdb Message # 6839:
The report -samples requires that all covergroup have a sample count
computed during simulation.  This is an optional feature enabled at
compile time with a modelsim.ini option.  If a covergroup is lacking
the sample count, it will be filtered out, perhaps unexpectedly.
The only cases where this might occur legitimately are when the sample
attribute has been removed by the user, the testcase never had sample
counts enabled, or perhaps a covergroup without a sample count was merged
with others that had them.


ucdb Message # 6840:
Toggle nodes are lighter-weight data structures than others in the UCDB;
this optimizes for space because so many toggles exist in a typical
database.  The data lacking for a toggle includes:
*   weight
*   goal
*   source information


ucdb Message # 6841:
The $load_coverage_db system task found that the reported object is
present in the simulation but not found in the database, so the loading
of that object failed. This may happen if any covergroup is modified
after saving the UCDB file, and the current simulation is using that
modified covergroup.
In case of covergroup instances, this message may appear if any
covergroup instance is created in simulation, but that didn't exist
when the database was saved.


ucdb Message # 6842:
This is a current limitation of $load_coverage_db system task. It can't
load a covergroup if the option.per_instance value is set only in some
of the instances of it. It is now required to set option.per_instance
value either in all the instances of a covergroup, or, in none of the
instances of a covergroup. Mixing is not allowed within the instances
of any covergroup.


ucdb Message # 6843:
During the $load_coverage_db system task execution, the loading of the
specified coverpoint or cross bin failed because the right hand side
value of the bin is different in database and in simulation. This may
happen if the bin has changed; or, the right hand side value of the bin
depends on a parameter, and that parameter value was different in the
simulation which saved the UCDB file.


ucdb Message # 6844:
The specified covergroup has at least one instance when the UCDB file
was created, but no instance of that covergroup has created yet in the
current simulation.


ucdb Message # 6845:
The $load_coverage_db system task found that the reported object is
present in the database but not found in simulation, so the loading of
that object failed. This may happen if any covergroup is modified
after saving the UCDB file, and the current simulation is using that
modified covergroup.
In case of covergroup instances, this message may appear if any
covergroup instance is not created yet in simulation which exists in the
database.


ucdb Message # 6846:
Because a test-associated merge does not perfectly preserve information, it can
be misleading in some circumstances. These circumstances are detected during
the merge. Features will warn when they rely on a test-associated merge file
which has any of these suspect cases:
  1. The at_least value is > 1 for covergroup bins or cover directives.
     This occurs when option.at_least is set > 1 in a covergroup scope, or when
     the 'fcover configure -at_least' CLI is used to set at_least > 1 for a
     cover directive.
     In these cases, it would be possible for a bin to be covered after the
     merge but in none of the inputs. In this case, test-associated analysis
     will be correct with respect to the individual tests but incorrect
     regarding merged coverage; ranking in particular will be inaccurate
     because of the discrepancy in merged coverage.
  2. Weights different in different tests.
     In these cases, because coverage (e.g., covergroup coverage) can depend
     on weighting, it will be impossible to recreate the original coverage of
     some of the input files. During the merge, the maximum weight is chosen;
     conflicting weights are not preserved.
  3. Different sets of scopes, contexts, or objects in different files.
     For example, all different parameterizations of a module are merged
     together. Instances of a given covergroup type are merged together if
     they have a common name, otherwise concatenated.  The merged result is
     probably better for test ranking (where the union of all coverage is
     probably desired).  But it is true that a test-associated merge cannot
     yield an identical result for one individual test if it is unknown which
     scopes appeared in which test; missing scopes or bins will appear to be
     uncovered rather than known as simply missing.

Example:
File 'a.ucdb' has testname 'a', and file 'b.ucdb' has testname 'b'.
If a.ucdb and b.ucdb differ according to #2 or #3 above (#3 being most common)
then it will be possible to get two different answers between these different
methods of querying coverage for an individual test:
*  Query relative to 'a' before the merge:
   vsim -viewcov a.ucdb -do 'coverage analyze -summary -path /'
*  Query relative to 'a' after the merge:
   vcover merge c.ucdb a.ucdb b.ucdb
   vsim -viewcov c.ucdb -do 'coverage analyze -testextract a -summary -path /'
Note that the first is always guaranteed to work but requires keeping the
original file.  The second is based upon the merged result only, but cannot
work absolutely accurately in all cases.


ucdb Message # 6847:
The UCDB API routine is expecting a valid ucdbScopeT or ucdbTestT handle, the given
handle is either NULL, or it is already removed from the UCDB.


ucdb Message # 6848:
In write streaming mode, each scope created by any UCDB routine, must
be terminated by calling ucdb_WriteStreamScope() function. If that
function call is missing for any scope, or, if there is any extra call
to ucdb_WriteStreamScope(), then the hierarchy will be incorrect.


ucdb Message # 6849:
Header string attribute, UCDBKEY_EXPR_HEADERS, is required for code
coverage scopes UCDB_COND and UCDB_EXPR. If that attribute is missing
then details report or GUI display could fail.


ucdb Message # 6850:
There are some restrictions on creating scopes under a parent scope.
For example:
    * No scope can be created under a coverage scope.
    * Code coverage scopes can't be created as top level scopes.
    * Testplan scopes can be created only under a testplan scope.
    * Scope names are similar to either Verilog or VHDL naming
      conventions (i.e. alpha, numeric, underscore or Verilog/VHDL escaped).


ucdb Message # 6851:
In write streaming mode, scope attributes and tags are written to file
along with scope parameters when a cover item is created first time,
or, if ucdb_WriteStream() function is called explicitly. Adding any
attribute or tag to a scope which is already written to disc will fail.
All scope attributes must be created after creating the scope and
before creating any cover item in it. This restriction is only for
write streaming mode.


ucdb Message # 6852:
It is required to have exactly two cover items in toggle scopes of
kind UCDB_TOGGLE_SCALAR and UCDB_TOGGLE_REG_SCALAR. Similarly, it is
also required to have exactly six cover items in toggle scopes of
kind UCDB_TOGGLE_SCALAR_EXT and UCDB_TOGGLE_REG_SCALAR_EXT.


ucdb Message # 6853:
UCDB stores test data at the very beginning, so test data must be
created before creating any coverage data. This restriction is valid
only for write streaming mode.


ucdb Message # 6854:
During a merge, test data records with the same name are collapsed into
one test data record. When these test data records do not contain identical
information the resulting test data record is inconsistent. The
UCDBKEY_TESTSTATUS field of the test data record is set to
UCDB_TESTSTATUS_MERGE_ERROR.

The following Questa features rely on uniquely identifying test runs:
	- The coverage analyze -coverage option (Questa only, Coverage View Mode):
		which reports which test had most, least, etc. coverage.
	- coverage ranktest (Questa only, Coverage View Mode):
		test ranking on test plan or design hierarchy.
	- Any of the Tracker GUI's Test Analysis sub-menus
	  (Questa only, Coverage View Mode):
		corresponding to the features above.
	- coverage analyze -testextract (Questa only, Coverage View Mode):
		reporting coverage based on test subsets.
	- The Tracker GUI's 'Specify Tests' tab on the Edit Filter dialogue,
	  accessed from menu Filter -> Setup and then
	  the Edit selection (Questa only, Coverage View Mode):
		corresponding to 'coverage analyze -testextract'.
	- vcover ranktest in test-associated merging mode,
	  or the corresponding option selected from the Rank menu of the
	  Test Browser GUI.
If you see this error, these features will not work reliably. You need
to set unique test names per test using 'coverage attribute -test`. On the
other hand, if these features are not used, don't worry about this message, and suppress it.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

ucdb Message # 6855:
Some operations on Windows platform insert control-M characters at the end of each
line, and the UCDB reader fails to read such files. One such operation is, unzipping
a tar file using WinZip on Windows platform which was created using tar on unix
platform.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

ucdb Message # 6856:
It is required to have the same value of type_option.merge_instances for merging
covergroups. The merge chooses the value 0 when there is a conflict. So the merged
covergroup coverage will be the weighted average of its instances, and that will not
be able to do coverage calculation by merging coverpoint and cross bins from its
instances.


ucdb Message # 6857:
The cause of this inconsistency should be investigated.


ucdb Message # 6858:
'vcovkill' is needed in order for 'vcover' to run properly. There could be two reasons:
First, 'vcover' may be running from a non-default installation where 'vcovkill' may not be present.
Second, 'vcovkill' in the default installation directory gets removed.


ucdb Message # 6859:
Design unit in one or more of the tests was compiled with short-circuiting disabled.
In resultant merged UCDB, short-circuiting flag will supercede.


ucdb Message # 6860:
The described UCDB or coverage feature is not currently supported.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com with an enhancement request if this
is important to you; it may be supported in the future.


ucdb Message # 6861:
The coverage file that was loaded has no summary information.
This might be due to corrupted data and/or summary segment(s).


ucdb Message # 6862:
The test name(s) and/or pattern(s) supplied don't match any of the tests
in the current coverage database.


ucdb Message # 6863:
The -testextract option may only be used with
a file created by a vcover merge -testassociated.


ucdb Message # 6864:
The process found a difference in cover values while combining two
UCDB databases, which means that the cover values were not in agreement.


ucdb Message # 6865:
Problem with opening the given filename in specified mode. In read mode,
either the file doesn't have the necessary user permissions, or it
doesn't exist. In write mode, the file doesn't have the necessary user
permissions.


ucdb Message # 6866:
This node is a lighter-weight data structure than others in the UCDB;
this optimizes for space. The data lacking for this node includes:
*   weight
*   goal
*   source information


ucdb Message # 6867:
Range pattern searches such as:
	- base[low_index:high_index]
	- base(low_index to high_index)
	- base(high_index downto low_index)
require a UCDB file constructed with 'group' scopes. The 'group' scope
was first introduced in the 6.6 release. A 'group scope is a parent
scope over a collection of children index scopes. The purpose of the
'group' scope is to introduce hierarchy and allow selection by
index range. Currently, only toggle scopes have these group scopes
above them.


ucdb Message # 6868:
Sourceinfo of some scopes are same as the sourceinfo of the containing
coveritems. The following scopes are the examples of such cases:
    * condition scope
    * expression scope
    * toggle scope
    * assertion scope
    * cover directive scope


ucdb Message # 6869:
Instance information is not saved when the associated option.per_instance is zero.


ucdb Message # 6870:
A UCDB processing warning occurred.


ucdb Message # 6871:
A UCDB processing error occurred.


ucdb Message # 6872:
The process found a difference in attribute data values while merging two
UCDB databases. This is possible when merging UCDBs created from different designs,
or different configurations, or same design with different parameter settings
or different analysis tools.


ucdb Message # 6873:
A child scope with specified name of the same scope type already exists inside
the parent scope. A parent scope can't have multiple child scopes having the same
name and the same scope type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

ucdb Message # 6874:
Debugging symbol files were found to be missing for one or more design-units in the design.
This usually happens when a design is either compiled with '-smartdbs' option without coverage flags
and optimized with coverage flags, or compiled with '-nodbgsym'. To ensure correct behaviour of
coverage GUI, please run command 'gendbs' at the vsim command prompt to generate missing debugging
symbol files.


ucdb Message # 6875:
The ucis_OpenFromInterchangeFormat() and ucis_WriteToInterchangeFormat()
functions are not currently implemented.
Sample applications for data interchange may be found on the Accellera
website, or contact Mentor support for more details.


ucdb Message # 6876:
The test name does not match any of the tests
in the current coverage database. This can occur
when 'coverage edit ...' or 'coverage remove ...'
commands have been used to remove test(s).


ucdb Message # 6877:
The vcover merge process found a difference in checksums (or signatures)
for the code coverage content of the design hierarchy in different tests of coverstore.
This may mean that different versions of source are being merged together, or different
coverage types are enabled in different tests, or parameterization is causing different
code coverage items in different tests.  If so, code coverage cannot be merged together.
The '-ignoredusig' option will not work in this case. The coverstore flow can't be used,
the user needs to save UCDB files from simulation and merge those.


ucdb Message # 6879:
The indicated attribute is not found on the indicated item.
The item will be added to DEFAULT_GROUP.


ucdb Message # 6880:
The indicated regex filter does not match the indicated attribute on the indicated item.
The item will be added to DEFAULT_GROUP.


ucdb Message # 6881:
The option is deprecated and ignored. It will be removed from future releases.


ucdb Message # 6882:
The indicated routine is not supported in read streaming mode.


ucdb Message # 6883:
Too late to change the value of number of test limit.
Some coveritems have already been created using the existing value


ucdb Message # 6884:
Test limit value is not set yet. Use ucdb_SetNumTestsLimit() to set it


ucdb Message # 6885:
No object to apply the exclusion on was found in the testplan section.


ucdb Message # 6886:
A testname was specified or implied by the command, but not found.


ucdb Message # 6887:
A name must be supplied for this command.


ucdb Message # 6888:
Check command syntax.


ucdb Message # 6889:
The vcover merge process found a difference in checksums (or signatures)
for a given design unit in different input UCDB files.  This may mean that
different versions of source are being merged together.  If so, certain
kinds of code coverage may not be reliably merged together because they are
only identified by line number.  The instance will still be merged because
the '-ignoredusig' (ignore design unit signature) flag was given to merge.


ucdb Message # 6890:
Option '-adaptive' was not passed to 'vopt'/'vsim' before saving the database, or
option '-noadaptive' was passed to 'coverage save' command while saving the database.


ucdb Message # 6891:
An enhanced merge algorithm (test-associated merge) -- which preserves extra
information about what tests incremented what coverage values -- can only be
performed on unmerged UCDBs or on UCDBs themselves created from the same
type of merge.  Previously merged files must have been created with
'vcover merge -testassociated ...'. This file has had some tests removed from it.
This leaves the extra information invalid. For this reason, the merge
is skipping this file (i.e. this file will NOT be merged).
The work-a-round to this error is to use 'vcover merge -totals ...'. This style merge
makes fewer assumptions and does not create the extra information that would be invalidated.
This error is suppressible. However suppressing the error will not cause the coverage counts
to be readjusted. The user accepts risk of data invalidity. To enable merging, run the
merge command with the '-suppress 6891' switch.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

ucdb Message # 6892:
An enhanced merge algorithm (test-associated merge) -- which preserves extra
information about what tests incremented what coverage values -- can not have
tests removed from it. To do so would leave the extra information invalid.
The work-a-round to this error is to use 'vcover merge -totals ...'. This style merge
makes fewer assumptions and does not create the extra information that would be invalidated.
This error is suppressible. However suppressing the error will not cause the coverage counts
to be readjusted. The user accepts risk of data invalidity. To delete a test from an
enhanced merge, first bring up the simulator (i.e. vsim) using the '-suppress 6892' switch.
Then run the 'coverage edit -delete -testname <testname> ...' command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

ucdb Message # 6893:
Exclusion comments isn't found in the database. They may have been removed from the database
without removing corresponding attributes on coverage items.


ucdb Message # 6894:
Code coverage results of Formal and Simulation UCDB are being merged. Technology specific
information would be lost in the merged UCDB.So, make sure simulation and formal ucdb's are
analyzed before merge.


vsim-vlog Message # 7000:
An error occurred when trying to create a new exportwrapper file.
This kind of error usually is related to a file system problem
such as disk full, over-quota, directory write permission, etc.
Check for system issues or contact your System Administrator.


vsim-vlog Message # 7004:
Use vlib to create a work directory, or if one already exists, check its permissions.


vsim-vlog Message # 7005:
Check the permissions for the SystemVerilog DPI work directory and path.


vsim-vlog Message # 7006:
Signature syntax violations are usually caused by an internal error.
Please report this problem immediately at http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim-vlog Message # 7008:
A DPI header file must be readable and writable to operate within QuestaSim.
Please make sure the file either doesn't yet exist (QuestaSim will create it),
or make sure the file is readable and writable.


vsim-vlog Message # 7009:
A DPI header file must be readable and writable to operate within QuestaSim.
Please make sure the file either doesn't yet exist (QuestaSim will create it),
or make sure the file is readable and writable.


vsim-vlog Message # 7010:
QuestaSim automatically generates the DPI header file, but will refuse to overwrite
an existing file, unless that file looks like a previously auto-generated DPI header file.


vsim-vlog Message # 7014:
It is not legal for a c_identifier to be used for more than one export
function or task in the same declarative scope.


vsim-vlog Message # 7015:
The same DPI C name was used more than once in the design, and different
declaration sites have different signatures. This can happen either by
aliasing functions using the DPI c_identifier construct, or simply if
two export tasks or functions in different scopes have the same name.
This is not legal according to the SystemVerilog LRM. Change the
appropriate signatures or names to fix the problem. Note that
many items in DPI tf declarations compose the tf's 'signature'.
This includes context/non-context, pure/non-pure, and task vs. function.


vsim-vlog Message # 7016:
The same DPI C name was used more than once in the design, and different
declaration sites have different signatures. This can happen either by
aliasing functions using the DPI c_identifier construct, or simply if
two export tasks or functions in different scopes have the same name.
This is not legal according to the SystemVerilog LRM. Change the
appropriate signatures or names to fix the problem. Note that
many items in DPI tf declarations compose the tf's 'signature'.
This includes context/non-context, pure/non-pure, and task vs. function.


vsim-vlog Message # 7017:
Use vlib to create a work directory, or if one already exists, check its permissions.


vsim-vlog Message # 7018:
Internal DPI error - Please report this problem to customer support.


vsim-vlog Message # 7019:
In order to use QuestaSim's SystemVerilog DPI, a C compiler must be
visible at runtime. You can use the CppPath variable in the
modelsim.ini file to designate a compiler, or you can download
and install a built-in GCC from the Model Technology website.


vsim-vlog Message # 7020:
A call to randomize() resulted in an attempt to resize a random
dynamic array to a value greater than the value specified by the
SolveArrayResizeMax variable in the modelsim.ini file. This check
is intended to detect and prevent the accidental unconstrained
randomization of random dynamic arrays.


vsim-vlog Message # 7021:
Since DPI tf's must have C linkage, struct element names, typedef names,
and argument names must be legal C identifiers.  The dpiheader file cannot
be generated until all such names have been changed to legal C identifiers.


vsim-vlog Message # 7022:
If a typedef name is detected more than once in different scopes,
the dpiheader file cannot be generated.


vsim-vlog Message # 7023:
The DPI header cannot be generated.  The reasons for this problem are issued in separate
warning and error messages whose message numbers are listed in the current error message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7024:
DPI does not support the data type of these arguments.


vsim-vlog Message # 7025:
The return type specified by the prototype of an extern method must
match the return type specified by the method definition.


vsim-vlog Message # 7026:
The types for each argument specified by the prototype of an extern method
must match the types specified by the method definition.


vsim-vlog Message # 7027:
An unknown dotted identifier was detected in a package or a $unit scope.
It is either a bad reference to a local object, or a hierarchical reference
to an object in another scope. In SystemVerilog LRM 1800-2005 Clause 19.2, it is
specified that items within packages shall not contain hierarchical references.
The LRM 1800-2009 Clause 3.12.1 allows hierarchical references starting at the
top of the design ($root).

This error may be suppressed.  This error is automatically suppressed
when the -permissive flag has been specified.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7028:
If this is a SystemC design unit and compiled with '-nodebug' sccom option,
please make sure that the top level SystemC module is specified using the
'-sctop <sc_module_name>' option to sccom command at compilation phase.
If the issue still persists, please compile your SystemC src files
without '-nodebug' option.
The above rule applies for all source files containing the SC_MODULE_EXPORT() macro calls.


vsim-vlog Message # 7029:
References into a package are must use the package select syntax (::).
A hierarchical reference using a dot is not legal.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7030:
The IEEE 1800-2012 LRM states in section 7.8.1 that "Associative arrays that specify a wildcard
index type shall not be used in a foreach loop"...
"-permissive" or "-suppress 7030" options can be used to override this behavior, however the
 index type will be longint and the index range should not exceed longint range

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7031:
The value specified for Sv_Seed must be an unsigned 32-bit integer or 'random'.
Examples: "-sv_seed 945" or "-sv_seed random"

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7032:
One or more of the crti.o, crtn.o, or libc.so is not installed on this machine
in /usr/lib for 32-bit and /usr/lib64 for 64-bit runs.  Those files are necessary for many gcc
invocations to function correctly.  Installing the appropriate glibc RPM will
solve this problem.


vsim-vlog Message # 7033:
In SystemVerilog, a variable assigned inside an always_comb,
always_latch, or always_ff may not be assigned by any other process.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7034:
The strict rule for unpacked array assignment/comparison requires
that the packed elements must match exactly as do the keys
for associative arrays.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7035:
There are no DPI-related type declaration or function prototype to
generate. The specified file will not be created.


vsim-vlog Message # 7036:
Foreach array must not be an object in another foreach scope
where type operator is used on loop variable.

label1: foreach(top.bot.arr1[i]) begin:b1
            type(i) arr2[5];
        end
        .
        .
        .

        foreach(label1.b1.arr2[i]) //This is not allowed
            $display(i);
        .
        .


vsim-vlog Message # 7037:
Generate attempted to resize a random list to a size greater than the value
specified by the 'absolute_max_list_size' limit, as set by set_config().


vsim-vlog Message # 7038:
Foreach array must not be an object in another foreach scope
where type operator is used on loop variable.

label1: foreach(top.bot.arr1[i]) begin:b1
            type(i) arr2[5];
        end
        .
        .
        .

        foreach(label1.b1.arr2[i]) //This is not allowed
            $display(i);
        .
        .


vsim-vlog Message # 7039:
Parameters can be declared without an explicit initial value.
However a value must be supplied to the parameter during elaboration.


vsim-vlog Message # 7040:
IEEE 1800-2009 sections 10.10 and 15.13.


vsim-vlog Message # 7041:
The strict rule for string type assignment requires
a cast if a string type is assigned to a packed type or a packed type
is assigned to a string type.  Note that a string literal is not the
same as a string type.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7042:
Usage of random variables as function arguments establishes an implicit
variable ordering. There is a cyclical dependency defined by the ordering.
Note: Infomation about protected variables and constraints is excluded
from the reported cycle, reporting <protected> for these variables or
constraints.


vsim-vlog Message # 7043:
Parameter types can be declared without an explicit type.
However a type must be supplied to the parameter during elaboration.


vsim-vlog Message # 7045:
Check for multiple drivers writing to the item.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7046:
An unknown dotted identifier was detected in package or $unit scope.
It is either a bad reference to a local object, or a hierarchical reference
to an object in another scope. In SystemVerilog LRM 1800-2005 Clause 19.2, it is
specified that items within packages shall not contain hierarchical references.
This warning indicates that the tool will continue processing the design with the
assumption that the name will be implicitly prefixed with $root.  If this is not
the desired behavior then please consider the use of the -pedanticerrors switch
will disable this behavior.  For further information refer to error 7027.


vsim-vlog Message # 7048:
The C function mentioned in the error message is not resolved but called. This
export function is expected to be generated by tool automatically after the
design unit containing the DPI export is loaded into simulation.


vsim-vlog Message # 7049:
When a C++ file is compiled, the tool requires the same C++ compiler being used in
linking the auto compile shared library at runtime. But there are more than one choice,
so the tool has picked one randomly. It is recommended that user manually specify the
desired C++ compiler via vsim switch -dpicpppath or -dpicppinstall or -cpppath or -cppinstall.


vsim-vlog Message # 7050:
For huge Verilog memory, the tool has applied auto sparse memory optmization to
avoid the huge memory consumption in simulation. When Verilog memory is modeled
as sparse memory, there is no matching C layout, so DPI support is currently
unavailable. To disable auto sparse feature, one could use vlog or vopt command
line option '+nosparse', or modify the default threshold setting of the
modelsim.ini variable 'SparseMemThreshold'.


vsim-vlog Message # 7051:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7052:
The object referred to by the specified hierarchical path could not
be found. Check that the pathname is valid.  Incorrect syntax such as
invalid use of parentheses may also cause this error.


vsim-vlog Message # 7053:
From the 1800-2009 LRM:
  Items within packages shall not have hierarchical references to
  identifiers expect those created within the package or made visible by
  import of another package.  A package shall not refer to items defined
  in the compilation unit scope.
The compilation-unit scope is not considered a normal package and $root
hierarchical identifiers are allowed in $unit.

This error may be suppressed.  This error is automatically suppressed
when the -permissive flag has been specified.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7054:
An array passed to a ref argument will be matched with that argument
from left to right.  Previous versions incorrectly matched from
low to high.


vsim-vlog Message # 7055:
A range expression of zero length (e.g. "[5:4]") was found. Most zero-length
ranges are specified in error, as a result of swapping the low-bound and high-bound.


vsim-vlog Message # 7056:
Archive libraries are not supported in this version.


vsim-vlog Message # 7057:
The use of 'speculation' during randomize() calls is deprecated and will be
unsupported in the next major Questa release.

The following modelsim.ini variables are affected:
	SolveSpeculateLevel
	SolveSpeculateFirst
	SolveSpeculateMaxCondWidth
	SolveSpeculateMaxIterations
	SolveSpeculateDistFirst
	SolveACTbeforeSpeculate

The following Verilog attributes are affected:
	solvespeculatelevel
	solvespeculatefirst
	solvespeculatemaxcondwidth
	solvespeculatemaxiterations
	solvespeculatedistfirst


vsim-vlog Message # 7058:
The IEEE 1800-2012 LRM states in section 7.8.1 that "Associative arrays that specify a
wildcard index type shall not be used with array manipulator methods that return an index
value or an array of values"
"-permissive" or "-suppress 7058" options can be used to override this behavior,
however the index type will be longint and the index range should not exceed longint range

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7059:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7060:
Virtual methods are called like non-virtual methods during the construction,
of class instances.


vsim-vlog Message # 7061:
In SystemVerilog, a variable assigned inside an always_comb,
always_latch, or always_ff may not be assigned by any other process.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7062:
A module declaration may specify a default value for each
singular input port. These default values shall be constant
 expressions evaluated in the scope of the module where they are
 defined, not in the scope of the instantiating module.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 23.2.2.4 Default port values]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7063:
The object referred to by the specified hierarchical path could not
be found. Check that the pathname is valid.  Incorrect syntax such as
invalid use of parentheses may also cause this error.
This error may be suppressed.  This error is automatically suppressed
when the -permissive flag has been specified.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7064:
Method empty() is not included in the list of standard methods for
queues as documented in the 1800-2012 SV LRM

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim-vlog Message # 7065:
Two incompatible types are being used in an operation
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 6.22 Type compatibility]


vsim-vlog Message # 7066:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7067:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7068:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7069:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7070:
An expression of string type can be assigned directly to a variable of string type.
Values of integral type can be assigned to a string variable, but require a cast.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 6.16 String Data Type]
This error may be suppressed.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7071:
A module instantiated with an implicit port connection (.*) was unable to
find a matching port, net, variable name or interface instance in the
instantiating scope that matches a port name inside the instantiated
module. So,the default value provided will be used


vsim-vlog Message # 7072:
Dimension greater than 32 bit number will be truncated to signed 32 bit integer.


vsim-vlog Message # 7073:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7075:
- Options -cppinstall and -cpppath are mutually exclusive. -cppinstall will be given priority.
- Options -dpicppinstall and -dpicpppath are mutually exclusive.
  -dpicppinstall will be given priority.
- Options -dpicppinstall/-dpicpppath and -cppinstall/-cpppath are mutually exclusive.
  -dpicppinstall/-dpicpppath will be given priority for C/C++ auto-compile.
  -cppinstall/-cpppath will be given priority for SystemC compile.


vsim-vlog Message # 7076:
Check whether the compiler version specified is supported by the tool.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7077:
Check the full path and make sure it is a valid full path of gcc/g++ executable.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7078:
Function chaining on function returning structure is not allowed.


vsim-vlog Message # 7079:
If a random variable that is declared as 'randc' is found to have
more than 2^32 possible solutions, randomize() will evaluate
the variable as 'rand'.


vsim-vlog Message # 7080:
The numeric value of the if expression is tested for being zero.
The following two statements express the same logic
  if (expression)
  if (expression != 0)
 [DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - Section 9.4 Conditional Statement]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7081:
The left hand side of assignment in the assign statement shall be a singular variable reference
or a concatenation of variables only.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SV LRM - Section 10.6.1]


vsim-vlog Message # 7082:
The tool has chosen the compiler mentioned for C/C++ auto compile. If this is not
the intended compiler, please check the log files for any warnings or errors reported.


vsim-vlog Message # 7083:
If one tran terminal is connected to a user-defined nettype net,
then the other tran terminal must be connected to a user-defined
net of the same nettype.


vsim-vlog Message # 7084:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7085:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7086:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7087:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7088:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7089:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7090:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7091:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7092:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7093:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7094:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7095:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7096:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7097:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7098:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7099:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7100:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7101:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7102:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7103:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7104:
There is a cyclical dependency defined by a set if solve/before constraints.
Note: Infomation about protected variables and constraints is excluded
from the reported cycle, reporting <protected> for these variables or
constraints.


vsim-vlog Message # 7105:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7106:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7107:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7108:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7109:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7110:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7111:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7112:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7113:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7114:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7115:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7116:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7117:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7118:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7119:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7120:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7121:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7122:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7123:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7124:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7125:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7126:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7127:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7128:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7129:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7130:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7131:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7132:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7133:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7134:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7135:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7136:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7137:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7138:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7139:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7140:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7141:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7142:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7143:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7144:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7145:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7146:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7147:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7148:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7149:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7150:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7151:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7152:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7153:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7154:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7155:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7156:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7157:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7158:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7159:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7160:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7161:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7162:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7163:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7164:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7165:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7166:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7167:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7168:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7169:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7170:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7171:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7172:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7173:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7174:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7175:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7176:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7177:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7178:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7179:
Path length too high, unable to open file "%{str1}". Max allowed length is 260 chars.


vsim-vlog Message # 7180:
Questa currently does not support static random variables within a
protected class (i.e. a class declaration within a protected region).


vsim-vlog Message # 7181:
A call the $rngtrace_suppress_begin was made when RNG trace reporting was
already suppressed by a prior call to $rngtrace_suppress_begin.


vsim-vlog Message # 7182:
A call to $rngtrace_suppress_end was made when RNG trace is not suppressed
on the executing thread by a prior call to $rngtrace_suppress_begin.


vsim-vlog Message # 7183:
The randstate when $rngtrace_suppress_end was called is different from the
corresponding call to $rngtrace_suppress_begin. It is expected that the
randstate is reset prior to calling $rngtrace_suppress_end.


vsim-vlog Message # 7184:
The number of random bits is too high to be represented using BDDs on 32-bit platform.
Switch to a 64-bit platform or use -solveengine act instead.


vsim-vlog Message # 7185:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7186:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7187:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7188:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7189:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7190:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7191:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7192:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7193:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7194:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7195:
On windows systems a filter expresion specified for -rngtraceprocessfilter
or -rngtraceclassfilter may not contain a metacharacter (ie .^[]$()* ).
These must be escaped (eg "gen\[3\]").


vsim-vlog Message # 7196:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7197:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7198:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7199:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7200:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7201:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7202:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7203:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7204:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7205:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7206:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7207:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7208:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vlog Message # 7209:
An unexpected internal error occurred during randomize(). solver was able
to recover from the internal error and the constraints got solved successfully.
Please contact the support and report the occurence of this error message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7210:
Refer to [DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2017 Section 18.11]. Arguments are limited to the names of properties
of the calling object; expressions are not allowed. This error message can be suppressed
using "-suppress 7210".

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vlog Message # 7211:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8000:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8001:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8002:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8003:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8004:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8005:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8006:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8007:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8008:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8009:
The simulator is loading a previously generated optimized design unit.


vsim Message # 8010:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8011:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8012:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8013:
Only pre-defined controls can be used with parallel simulation sync control option.


vsim Message # 8014:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8015:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8016:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8017:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8018:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8019:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8020:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8021:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8022:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8023:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8024:
A bit-select expression contains more indices than the array/vector
has dimensions.


vsim Message # 8025:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8026:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8027:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8028:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8029:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8030:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8031:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8032:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8034:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8035:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8036:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8038:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8039:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8040:
A tagged union entry of type 'void' may not be read or written.


vsim Message # 8041:
A case generate alternative choice that overlaps the value or range of
another choice was found in the CASE GENERATE statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 8042:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8043:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8044:
Dynamic array sizes must be non-negative and not contain X/Z values.
Very large allocation sizes may also cause this error.


vsim Message # 8045:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8046:
The number of choices over all the case generate alternatives did not
equal the number of possible values that can be represented by the
statement expression.  If there are too few choices, then an OTHERS
choice can be used.  If there are too many choices, then some must be
removed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 8047:
A case generate alternative choice that has the same value as
another choice was found in the CASE GENERATE statement.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 8048:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8049:
The CASE GENERATE statement expression value did not match any of the
choices given in the case generate alternatives, and there was no OTHERS
choice.  This generally indicates that the required semantic checks have
not been performed completely because of the presence of a non-locally
static expression or choice.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 8050:
If the expression is the name of an object whose subtype is globally
static, whether a scalar type or an array type, then each value of the
subtype shall be represented once and only once in the set of choices of
the case generate statement, and no other value is allowed; this rule is
likewise applied if the expression is a qualified expression or type
conversion whose type mark denotes a globally static subtype, or if the
expression is a call to a function whose return type mark denotes a
globally static subtype, or if the expression is an expression described
in this paragraph and enclosed in parentheses.

For other forms of [discrete] expression, each value of the (base) type
of the expression shall be represented once and only once in the set of
choices, and no other value is allowed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 8051:
If the expression is the name of an object whose subtype is globally
static, whether a scalar type or an array type, then each value of the
subtype shall be represented once and only once in the set of choices of
the case generate statement, and no other value is allowed; this rule is
likewise applied if the expression is a qualified expression or type
conversion whose type mark denotes a globally static subtype, or if the
expression is a call to a function whose return type mark denotes a
globally static subtype, or if the expression is an expression described
in this paragraph and enclosed in parentheses.

If the expression is of a one-dimensional character array type and is
not described by the preceding paragraph, then the values of all of the
choices, except the OTHERS choice, if present, shall be of the same
length.  Moreover, each value of the (base) type of the expression shall
be represented once and only once in the set of choices, and no other
value is allowed. It is an error if the value of the expression is not
of the same length as the values of the choices.  If there is only one
choice and that choice is OTHERS, then the value of the expression may
be of any length.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 11.8 Generate statements]


vsim Message # 8052:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8053:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8054:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8055:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8056:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8057:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8058:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8059:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8060:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8061:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8062:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8063:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8064:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8065:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8066:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8067:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8068:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8069:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8070:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8072:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8073:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8074:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8075:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8077:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8078:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8079:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8080:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8081:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8082:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8083:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8084:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8085:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8086:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8087:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8088:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8090:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8091:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8092:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8093:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8094:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8095:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8096:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8097:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8098:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8099:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8100:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8101:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8102:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8103:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8104:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8105:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8106:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8107:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8108:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8109:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8110:
Only positive level values are allowed


vsim Message # 8111:
The path specified is incorrect

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8112:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly


vsim Message # 8113:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8114:
The disable_signal_spy call occurred at the noted time.


vsim Message # 8115:
The enable_signal_spy call occurred at the noted time.


vsim Message # 8116:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8117:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8118:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8119:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8120:
The process could not attach parallel simulation global memory segment due to a system error.


vsim Message # 8121:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8122:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8123:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8124:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8125:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8126:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8127:
The object is a pointer to a base class. If the actual object is derived
from the base class, you may want to debug it as the derived type.
Call 'mti_set_typename' and pass in the derived type name immediately after
the object is contructed.  QuestaSim will adjust its debug to match that of
the actual object.  Note that the type name passed in must match the actual
derived object, otherwise, it might result in a crash.


vsim Message # 8128:
The function 'mti_set_typename' may only be used for an object that is a
pointer to a base class but the actual object is derived from the base class.


vsim Message # 8129:
Parameterized classes are not types; only specializations of a
parameterized class are types.  A typedef must resolve to a type.


vsim Message # 8130:
Instantiation of the parameterized class had an override of a value
parameter with a type of an override of a type parameter with a value.


vsim Message # 8131:
The 'index' parameter in assoc. array methods such as 'next', 'prev'
must be assignable from the array's index type.


vsim Message # 8132:
The builtin method 'rand_mode' is not allowed for this variable type.


vsim Message # 8133:
The index into a queue must be within the range 0 through (size - 1).


vsim Message # 8134:
The method 'pop_front' or 'pop_back' was called on an empty queue.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8135:
The method 'putc' requires a string or string-literal value.


vsim Message # 8136:
The method 'constraint_mode' requires an argument when called as a task,
but should not have an argument when called as a function.


vsim Message # 8137:
The string passed to 'set_randstate' must be one obtained
from 'get_randstate'.


vsim Message # 8138:
The builtin 'await' must not be called on the current process.


vsim Message # 8139:
The builtin 'index' can only be used in the 'with' part of
an array-manipulator method.


vsim Message # 8140:
The dimension argument to 'index' must be between 1 and the
array's dimension, inclusive.


vsim Message # 8141:
We currently do not support array manipulation methods for
sparse arrays.


vsim Message # 8142:
Array index methods such as 'find_first_index' are only allowed
for 1-dimensional arrays.


vsim Message # 8143:
A 'with' clause may not be usef for 'reverse' or 'shuffle'.


vsim Message # 8144:
Reduction methods such as 'sum' and 'xor' require an array of.
packed elements.


vsim Message # 8145:
You cannot use this array method on a packed array.


vsim Message # 8146:
The mem commands can work on complex multidimensional arrays that are
combinations of dynamic, unpacked, and associative arrays.  However,
associative arrays can appear only in the lowest dimension of such types.
Work around this limitation by iterating each element of all associative
arrays in this object, and calling mem commands on each selected
sub-array.


vsim Message # 8147:
This command needs a memory as an argument and an element of memory
was provided.


vsim Message # 8148:
The compiler has inferred a design-wide constant value for the generic.
However, the simulator is attempting to post a different value to the
generic. The probable source of this difference is the use of the -g/-G
option applied to the design. Use the +floatparameters option when
compiling to enable use of -g/-G.


vsim Message # 8149:
Simulation is running with SDF annotation while one of the
optimized unit/pdu is not optimized with -sdf. Please put
"-sdf" switch on all optimized design units/pdus.
This error can be ignored if the optimized design unit/pdu
does not have any SDF annotation target.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8150:
Optimized cell ports to VHDL to non-net port type is not supported yet at the mixed
boundaries.


vsim Message # 8151:
Phase transactions are special transactions that can be started only
when the parent transaction is active. A transaction is identified
as a phase transaction if the name of a relationship specified for
the transaction matches the name given by the ScvPhaseRelationName
variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8152:
Phase transactions are special transactions that can be started only
when no other phase transaction of the same parent is active.
A transaction is identified as a phase transaction if the name
of a relationship specified for the transaction matches the name
given by the ScvPhaseRelationName variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8153:
Phase transactions are special transactions that cannot continue
after the parent transaction has ended. A transaction is identified
as a phase transaction if the name of a relationship specified
for the transaction matches the name given by the ScvPhaseRelationName
variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8154:
A transaction can end because of an explicit call to end the transaction.
A phase transactions can end if the parent transaction ends.
A transaction is identified as a phase transaction if the name
of a relationship specified for the transaction matches the name
given by the ScvPhaseRelationName variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8155:
A phase transaction must be created on the same stream as the parent
transaction. A transaction is identified as a phase transaction if
the name of a relationship specified for the transaction matches the name
given by the ScvPhaseRelationName variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8156:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8157:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8158:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8159:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8160:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8161:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8175:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8176:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8177:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8178:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8179:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8180:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8181:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8182:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8183:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8184:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8185:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8186:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8187:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8188:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8189:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8190:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8191:
This is an internal error. Please contact QuestaSim support.


vsim Message # 8192:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8193:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8194:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8195:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8196:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8197:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8198:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8199:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8200:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8201:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8202:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8203:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8204:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8205:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8206:
Problem parsing SDF timing check description.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8207:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8208:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8209:
The element referenced by this virtual interface is not in the modport
specified in the virtual interface's declaration.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8210:
A call to $exit was made from a non-program design unit, which is illegal.


vsim Message # 8211:
The design attempted to log a transaction with a time other than the current
simulation time.  This is only allowed when retroactive recording is
enabled in QuestaSim.  To enable, specify a positive integer value for
RetroChannelLimit in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8212:
Retroactive recording is what makes it possible to record the start
and/or end of a transaction earlier than the current simulation
time.  This type of recording makes use of limited WLF resources.
The following common actions are examples of retroactive recording:

   * Starting a transaction in the past
   * Ending a transaction in the past
   * Adding attributes to transactions that have ended
   * Adding relations to transactions that have ended

In order to minimize the chance of consuming all
retroactive-recording resources, the design should try to perform
such tasks in chronologically increasing order.  The key idea
is that the offset into the past from the present, the "delay",
should not be increasing.  That is, the design should avoid working
farther and farther into the past.


vsim Message # 8213:
One of the standard DPI open array query functions was called for a type
other than an array.  This is likely to be an internal error. Please contact
Modelsim support.


vsim Message # 8214:
One of the standard DPI open array query functions was called with an unpacked
dimension that does not exist.  Unpacked dimensions are numbered from 1 up.


vsim Message # 8215:
One of the standard DPI open array query functions was called for a packed
dimension but the array has none.  A single, linearized packed dimension is indicated
by dimension number zero.


vsim Message # 8216:
A SystemC signal cannot be driven by a 'force -drive' command.
The 'force -freeze' command can be used to freeze the value
of a SystemC signal or the 'force -deposit' command can be used to
deposit the value of a SystemC signal.


vsim Message # 8217:
Bit-select or part-select of SystemC signal is not allowed with
a 'force' command.


vsim Message # 8218:
Bit-select or part-select of SystemC signal is not allowed with
a 'noforce' command.


vsim Message # 8219:
This object resides on an optimized verilog cell. It must be an in/inout port,
that is internally connected, to be a valid target for INTERCONNECT delays.


vsim Message # 8220:
The specified object name was used in a place where the type of that
object is not allowed.  For example, using the hierarchical name of a
net as the LHS of a procedural assignment would produce this message.
NOTE 1: If more than one use of the object name exists, consider all
occurrences in resolving the error.
NOTE 2: If this error follows error number 8776 then please fix the
cause of 8776 before fixing this error.


vsim Message # 8221:
A floating point divide has a right operand of zero, or a floating point
exponentiation has a left operand of zero and a right operand of a
negative value, which is causing a divide by zero condition.


vsim Message # 8222:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8223:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8224:
One of the standard DPI open array functions was called but the
simulator hasn't implemented it yet.  Use different calls
until this call is supported in a future simulator revision.


vsim Message # 8225:
The specified function takes only one argument that is an object of type
integer or arbitrarily-sized vector value. The object is treated as unsigned.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8226:
The specified math function takes two arguments and both must be of type real.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8227:
A conversion specification can have an optional numerical maximum field
width specified.  For certain conversion codes, this value can have no
effect on the result of the system task call.
The conversion codes 'v', 'c', 'm', 'u', and 'z' have predetermined,
language-mandated input field widths.  A conversion specification with
a maximum field width specified for one of these these conversion codes
will have the maximum field width ignored.  Here are the conversion codes
and their corresponding language-mandated input field widths:
   'v' == 3 (after ignoring leading whitespace in input)
   'c' == 1 (does not ignore any leading whitespace in input)
   'm' == 0 (does not consume any input at all)
   'u' == enough to fill the target reg (does not ignore leading whitespace)
   'z' == enough to fill the target reg (does not ignore leading whitespace)


vsim Message # 8228:
An invalid type kind parameter is passed to a type creation function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8229:
An object that has no value (such as a typedef) has been
dereferenced.


vsim Message # 8230:
A field of a tagged union is not supported by mem commands.


vsim Message # 8231:
The prefix of a '::' reference is required to be either a package or class type


vsim Message # 8232:
Non-static class items can not be accessed by '::' static access.


vsim Message # 8233:
An index into the specified object is either unknown (X) or outside of
the declared range of the object.


vsim Message # 8234:
Cannot assign to a variable that was declared 'const'.


vsim Message # 8235:
The raw profile file was written on a 64-bit machine.
Cumulative memory size values may overflow 32-bit fields on this machine.
It is recommended that you reload this profile data on a 64-bit machine.
Use the '-ignore_size_diff' flag to 'profile reload' to reload anyway.


vsim Message # 8236:
DPI does not support unpacked unions.


vsim Message # 8237:
It is illegal to specify a transaction end time that is earlier than that
transaction's begin time.  When this happens, the simulator changes the
end time to the current simulation time.  Inspect your use of retroactive
transaction recording and correct the design's behavior.


vsim Message # 8238:
It is illegal to start or end a transaction at a time later than the current
simulation time.  A future start time becomes the current simulation time.
A future end time also becomes the current simulation time.  Inspect your
use of retroactive transaction recording and correct the design's behavior.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8239:
It is illegal to start or end a transaction at a time less than zero.
A negative start time becomes time zero and a negative end time becomes
the current simulation time.  Inspect your use of retroactive
transaction recording and correct the design's behavior.


vsim Message # 8240:
A non-constant index was detected in a reference to the specified
instance array.


vsim Message # 8241:
A transaction is 'instantaneous` if its begin time and end time are the same.
This is not illegal, but it is unusual enough to justify a warning.


vsim Message # 8242:
Generic/Parameter overrides for VHDL or Verilog module instance must
be specified in the <name>=<value> format.


vsim Message # 8243:
An attempt was made to free the memory allocated for a transactionbefore the transaction had ended.
This can happen when a handle or stream goes out of scope or a
function is explicitly called to free the transaction's memory while
the transaction remains active.  The simulator ends the transaction
at the current simulation time before freeing the transaction.


vsim Message # 8244:
An optimized design assumes knowledge of the builtin system tasks
and system functions. If the user registers a PLI application
that overrides a builtin system task or function, then the design
must be optimized with the +acc=s option.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8245:
The ability to supply a user-defined version of builtin system functions that
return string variables is not currently implemented. This is true whatever return
type the user-defined version of the function may have.


vsim Message # 8246:
The given design-unit was marked as a Preoptimized Design Unit
with the vopt tool, which created an association between it and the given
optimized design.  However the associated optimized design was not found
during simulation elaboration.


vsim Message # 8247:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8248:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8249:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly - equivalent types for arguments are ok.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8250:
An object of an abstract class can not be constructed directly.
Its constructor may only be called indirectly through the chaining
of constructor calls originating in an extended non-abstract object.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 8.21]


vsim Message # 8251:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8252:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly


vsim Message # 8253:
Virtual methods that are overridden must match the prototype
of the superclass exactly


vsim Message # 8254:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8255:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8256:
Transaction databases, streams, generators, and attributes should all
have non-NULL, non-zero length names.
Debug features, such as part selection, depend on being able to parse
names successfully.


vsim Message # 8257:
Transaction attributes should have non-NULL, non-zero length names that are valid C identifiers.
A valid C identifier is a sequence of letters and digits.
The first character must be a letter; the underscore '_' counts as a letter.
Debug features, such as part selection, depend on being able to parse
names successfully.  C-language names are the safest with
transactions.


vsim Message # 8258:
The given design-unit was marked as a Preoptimized Design Unit
with the vopt tool, which created an association between it and the given
optimized design.  However, unless the entire design has been optimized with
vopt, usage of a Preoptimized Design Unit is not currently supported.


vsim Message # 8259:
The attribute was overloaded.  This means that the attribute name was used
to record two different types of data.  This practice is not allowed by this
version of the simulator.  The second data type will not be recorded.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8260:
The property that describes the original root for the given optimized
design was missing or invalid, or the root itself could not be found.


vsim Message # 8261:
The property that contains the version string for the given optimized
design was missing or invalid.


vsim Message # 8262:
The property that describes the Preoptimized Design Unit mapping
for a design-unit to a corresponding optimized design root is
missing or invalid.


vsim Message # 8263:
The Preoptimized Design Unit that is associated with the given
design-unit has been changed and re-optimized with the "vopt" tool.
The original top-level design needs to be re-optimized in order to
use the new Preoptimized Design Unit.


vsim Message # 8264:
The given optimized design was directly instantiated, but has multiple
roots.  Specifying multiple roots for this type of operation does not
make sense.


vsim Message # 8265:
The specified transaction recording API function was passed a bad parameter
as indicated by the text in the original error message.  You will need to
correct your design code to fix this problem.


vsim Message # 8266:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, only a subset of Verilog scope have the exported
tasks or functions defined. The user is only allowed to set the scope to
these scopes using the svSetScope() interface.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8267:
The design cannot be loaded due to previous DPI errors.


vsim Message # 8268:
In task/function, every formal must be passed a actual or it must have
some default value. It is an error not to pass an actual to a formal
that has no default value.


vsim Message # 8269:
Any function/task can't be passed two actuals for one formal using named or
position formal passing styles. It is an error to specify multiple actuals for
one formal.


vsim Message # 8270:
The specified radix is not legal for the specified fillradix.


vsim Message # 8271:
The only valid option is 'value'. Options 'inc', 'dec', and 'rand' are invalid.


vsim Message # 8272:
The valid value is 'mti' and 'hexadecimal' and 'binary' are not valid.


vsim Message # 8273:
A default clocking block must be specified to use the ##n timing statement.


vsim Message # 8274:
The element referenced by this virtual interface was not
specified in the virtual interface's declaration.


vsim Message # 8275:
SystemVerilog assertion of severity 'Error' occurred.


vsim Message # 8276:
SystemVerilog assertion of severity 'Error' occurred.


vsim Message # 8277:
SystemVerilog assertion of severity 'Warning' occurred.


vsim Message # 8278:
SystemVerilog assertion of severity 'Note' occurred.


vsim Message # 8279:
PSL assertion occurred.


vsim Message # 8280:
PSL assertion occurred.


vsim Message # 8281:
Continuous and nonblocking assignments may not assign to an element
of a dynamic variable


vsim Message # 8282:
An actual expression associated with a formal of mode "ref" is required
to have a matching type.


vsim Message # 8283:
IEEE 1364 PLI support requires memories (arrays of packed values) to be
represented in a format that is compatible with tf_nodeinfo.  A non-arrayed
packed value is required to be in vecval format.  Since these formats
are not compatible, a select from an array of packed values is not permitted
with ref formals.


vsim Message # 8284:
An actual expression associated with a formal of mode "ref" is not permitted
to be a select into a packed value.  Such selects include bit and part selects
into packed values as well as field selects into packed structs and array
indexing into packed arrays.


vsim Message # 8285:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8286:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8287:
Obtain a valid transaction database through a call tomti_CreateTransactionDatabase().


vsim Message # 8288:
Every call to the $create_transaction_stream() and
$begin_transaction() system functions creates a new handle.
The maximum number of allowed handles has been reached.
Please modify the design to free transaction handle when they
are no longer needed using the $free_transaction() system task.


vsim Message # 8289:
The simulator does not allow writing an attribute to a transaction once
the transaction has been ended.  Please modify the design.


vsim Message # 8290:
The region parameter provided was not one of the following:
     VHDL architecture or package
     Verilog module, task, or function

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8291:
As per LRM, subroutines with only input or ref arguments can be called in match items.


vsim Message # 8292:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8293:
The modelsim.ini file variable PliCompatDefault overrides the tool default
to determine PLI/VPI object model compatibility in the simulator.
Note that the SystemVerilog extensions are available in the 2005 model
but not in the 2001 model.
The ability to use the more limited 2001 model may prevent older PLI
applications from receiving information they do not understand.
The tool default in the absence of an explicit PliCompatDefault is the
latest model.


vsim Message # 8294:
The $info messages can be printed by setting modelsim.ini variable
ignoreSVAInfo to 0. This setting can also be changed by changing
run time options in the GUI.


vsim Message # 8295:
The $warning messages can be printed by setting modelsim.ini variable
ignoreSVAWarning to 0. This setting can also be changed by changing
run time options in the GUI.


vsim Message # 8296:
The $error messages can be printed by setting modelsim.ini variable
ignoreSVAError to 0. This setting can also be changed by changing
run time options in the GUI.


vsim Message # 8297:
The $fatal messages can be printed by setting modelsim.ini variable
ignoreSVAFatal to 0. This setting can also be changed by changing
run time options in the GUI.


vsim Message # 8298:
The object registered for custom debug is not supported for debug hence
the name of the object is not found in the debug database. An explicit
must be provided for such objects using the SC_MTI_REGISTER_NAMED_CUSTOM_DEBUG
macro otherwise a name will be generated.


vsim Message # 8299:
Use of unclocked assertion is illegal.


vsim Message # 8300:
Sequence methods can be used only on clocked sequences.


vsim Message # 8301:
Hier-ref to this declaration is not supported currently.


vsim Message # 8302:
The object is not allocated and so mem commands cannot work on it.


vsim Message # 8303:
A repetition multiplier must be constant [ LRM Section- 11.4.12.1]
Suppressing this error may not produce correct replication result.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8304:
A const ref actual can't be passed to ref/output formal.


vsim Message # 8305:
'const' variable should not be passed to array manipulation functions that can modify the array.


vsim Message # 8306:
Properties with disable iff can be used only as a top level property in SVA.


vsim Message # 8307:
The transaction recording API requires valid handles to transactions.
This message indicates an error in the design or code calling the API.


vsim Message # 8308:
The transaction recording API requires valid handles to streams
This message indicates an error in the design or code calling the API.


vsim Message # 8309:
A -solveflags argument must use the following form:
  -solveflags=<flags>
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 8310:
The user called a standard DPI open array query function with a dimension value that was
negative, was higher than the existing unpacked dimensions, or indicated the packed
dimension of an array that does not have one.


vsim Message # 8311:
This feature is disabled in the Modelsim Personal Edition.


vsim Message # 8312:
Use of recursion without positive advance in time is illegal.


vsim Message # 8313:
The VCD parser encountered the specified character instead of
the numeric digit that it was expecting.
One way this can happen is if DumpportsCollapse is set to '1'
in the modelsim.ini file.  In order to use vcdstim, this DumpportsCollapse
will need to be set to '0' when generating the VCD file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8314:
A virtual interface assignment may only be assigned an interface
or another virtual interface of the same type (and modport).


vsim Message # 8315:
There is no TRUE condition in the if-else/case statement, and there is
no default statement to be executed.


vsim Message # 8316:
Please check the list of supported types at the SystemC/HDL mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 8317:
Please check the list of supported types at the SystemC/HDL mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 8318:
Please check the list of supported types at the SystemC/HDL mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 8319:
This error can occur if :
(1)vopt is not run using '-pa_upf' option on any of the design top.
(2)'-pa_lib' option is specified in vopt but not in vsim.
(3)library visibility is not proper due to missing -L/-Lf options.


vsim Message # 8320:
A VHDL signal of an enumeration type is connected to a Verilog port of
size greater than 32.


vsim Message # 8321:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8322:
all covergroups with option.per_instance==1 shall have an option.name value
that does not overlap with any other option.name in the system,
for covergroups of the same type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8323:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is invalid.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8324:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8327:
Please check the list of supported types at the SystemC/SystemVerilog boundary.


vsim Message # 8328:
Name of a field of a SystemC signal of type enum does not match
with the name of the corresponding field of a SystemVerilog signal
of type enum at the SystemC-SystemVerilog mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 8329:
An unknown severity was provided as an argument for the %Y specifier
in the $messagelog() call.  Please ensure that the provided severity
is one of the following; Note, Warning, Error, or Fatal.


vsim Message # 8330:
This message was the result of a call to $messagelog() with
a severity of 'Note' in the user's (System) Verilog code.


vsim Message # 8331:
This message was the result of a call to $messagelog() with
a severity of 'Warning' in the user's (System) Verilog code.


vsim Message # 8332:
This message was the result of a call to $messagelog() with
a severity of 'Error' in the user's (System) Verilog code.


vsim Message # 8333:
This message was the result of a call to $messagelog() with
a severity of 'Fatal' in the user's (System) Verilog code.


vsim Message # 8334:
This message was the result of a call to a (System) Verilog display
system task (i.e. $display(), $write(), $strobe(), or $monitor) in
the user's (System) Verilog code.  The message could also be the
result of a call to a file I/O counterpart task (i.e. $fdisplay),
where the output file is STDOUT.  The message severity is Note.


vsim Message # 8335:
This message was the result of a call to a (System) Verilog display
system task (i.e. $display(), $write(), $strobe(), or $monitor) in
the user's (System) Verilog code.  The message could also be the
result of a call to a file I/O counterpart task (i.e. $fdisplay),
where the output file is STDOUT.  The message severity is Warning.


vsim Message # 8336:
This message was the result of a call to a (System) Verilog display
system task (i.e. $display(), $write(), $strobe(), or $monitor) in
the user's (System) Verilog code.  The message could also be the
result of a call to a file I/O counterpart task (i.e. $fdisplay),
where the output file is STDOUT.  The message severity is Error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8337:
Only packed unions are supported at the SystemC-SystemVerilog mixed
language boundary.


vsim Message # 8338:
Only packed unions are supported at the SystemC-SystemVerilog mixed
language boundary.


vsim Message # 8339:
A modport is not permitted here.


vsim Message # 8340:
Kindly refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of supported
data types at the SystemC-SystemVerilog mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 8341:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8342:
At mixed language boundaries the values are truncated as the types are
not equivalent in the sense that their ranges can be different.
e.g. When passing an object of SV type longint to VHDL integer type
the 32 Most significant bits of longint are truncated. The rest of the
32 bits are passed to VHDL integer type. Similar situation can happen
while connecting shortint and byte to VHDL integers.


vsim Message # 8343:
Clocking block outputs may only be used on the left hand side of a clocking drive '<='
NOTE: The line number reported may show the first use of the clocking block output,
but the error may be with another occurrence of the clocking block output.


vsim Message # 8344:
The original library that contains the top-level design units referenced
by the optimized design being simulated could not be mapped.  Re-running
"vopt" on the design should fix the problem.


vsim Message # 8345:
The property that contains the original design units for the optimized
design being simulated was not found.  Re-running "vopt" on the design
should fix the problem.


vsim Message # 8346:
The Verilog module was compiled with -93 on the command line. This
directs the compiler to preserve the case of the identifier in VHDL.
This requires the use of extended identifiers.  We have found that the
matching VHDL identifier is not an extended identifier so they do not
match for default bindings.


vsim Message # 8347:
* The behavior previously enabled by +vlog_retain_on switch is now the default.
  (Since 6.6) RETAIN delays in SDF files will be processed without a warning.
* The switch +vlog_retain_off can be used to prevent RETAIN delay processing.
* +vlog_retain_same2same_on must be specified if you want 'X' insertion on
  outputs that do not change but the causal inputs change.
  For example, CLK changes but bit DOUT[0] does not change from its current
  value of '0'. But, you want it to go through the transition '0'->'X'->'0'.


vsim Message # 8348:
A parameter declared without a type may only be overridden with
a value that is integral or real.


vsim Message # 8349:
The specified call to randomize() failed. A testcase based on a simplified
version of the randomization scenario has been automatically generated and
can be used to reproduce and/or debug the issue.


vsim Message # 8350:
Please check the QuestaSim User's Manual for more information.


vsim Message # 8351:
Please check the QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of supported types
of port connections at the SystemC/SystemVerilog mixed language
boundary.


vsim Message # 8352:
SystemC signals are currently not supported as destination signals
for Signal Spy function 'init_signal_driver'. Please refer to the
QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of all supported signals.


vsim Message # 8353:
The type of source HDL signal is not supported currently for SystemC
destination signals.
Please refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of all supported
types of signals.


vsim Message # 8354:
The type of destination HDL signal is not supported currently for
SystemC source signals.
Please refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of all supported
types of signals.


vsim Message # 8355:
Complex VHDL arrays are not currently supported with SystemC signals.
Please refer to the QuestaSim User's Manual for a list of all supported
types of signals.


vsim Message # 8356:
The -o option, which specifies the name of the optimized design being
created, may not be present in the "-voptargs" value; this value is
used to supply arguments to vopt when it is implicitly run from vsim;
this implicit vopt run chooses its own optimized design name.


vsim Message # 8357:
Internal debugDB error.  Please contact QuestaSim support.


vsim Message # 8358:
Verilog configuration may only be loaded at the top level and
from with another configuration.


vsim Message # 8359:
SV assertion local var flow rules not met.


vsim Message # 8360:
There are multiple conditions that are true, hence the if/case
statement is not unique


vsim Message # 8361:
A TAB or PLI catalog file must be specified with the -tab or -P option.


vsim Message # 8362:
The TAB or PLI catalog file associates application function names with various
classes (checktf/calltf/misctf) of PLI user-defined tasks or functions.  In this
particular case, the named application function could not be found in
any of the shared objects.


vsim Message # 8363:
The checkpoint file contains the necessary information for registering
the PLI that were originally specified in a TAB or PLI catalog file; therefore,
any -tab/-P arguments specified with a -restore argument (cold restore) are ignored.


vsim Message # 8364:
The instances in bind_target_instance_list of bind should be of bind_target_scope


vsim Message # 8365:
sc_main is treated as a special SystemC top and the kernel looks for
the function int sc_main(int argc, char* argv[]) in the SystemC
shared library. Make sure this function is compiled into the SystemC
shared library.


vsim Message # 8366:
Clocking block outputs may only be driven with the ## cycle delay.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2005 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 15.14]


vsim Message # 8367:
SV assertion local var flow warning.


vsim Message # 8368:
SV assertion local var flow rules not met.


vsim Message # 8369:
## cycle delay may only be used in a synchronous drive.


vsim Message # 8370:
An arrayed instance instantiation of Preoptimized Design Units was found
Additionally, the PDU had SDF annotation applied when it was created.
Currently this combination is not supported.


vsim Message # 8371:
Name of a field of a SystemC signal of type enum does not match
with the name of the corresponding field of a VHDL signal
of type enum at the SystemC-VHDL mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 8372:
An array of SystemC signals can only be connected to either a Verilog
array or a packed Verilog vector of appropriate size.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 8373:
The number of elements in a SystemC signal array must match the number
of elements of the Verilog array to which it is connected.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 8374:
The size of elements in a SystemC signal array must match the size
of elements of the Verilog array port to which it is connected.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 8375:
An array of SystemC signals can only be connected to a VHDL array port.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 8376:
The number of elements in a SystemC signal array must match the number
of elements of the VHDL array port to which it is connected.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed Language Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 8377:
The parameter or generic value that is used at the instantiation point of a
Preoptimized Design Unit does not match the value that PDU used
when it was originally created. To fix this issue, recreate the PDU with the
correct parameter/generic value.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8378:
The size in bits of an object connected to a port must match the size
in bits of the port


vsim Message # 8379:
Two -g/-G commands specify exactly the same path, the second setting encountered will be used


vsim Message # 8380:
An unknown dotted identifier was detected in package or $unit scope.
It is either a bad reference to a local object, or a hierarchical reference
to an object in another scope. In SystemVerilog LRM 1800-2005 Clause 19.2, it is
specified that items within packages shall not contain hierarchical references.


vsim Message # 8381:
The specified name in a simple or hierarchical reference cannot be found
as an instance or object in the design. The referenced item may exist, but due
to a known problem with how clocking block references are created the item can
not be found.


vsim Message # 8382:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8383:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8384:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8385:
From SystemVerilog LRM P1800-2005, Section 11.6.1:
functions may spawn arbitrary background processes by executing
fork..join_none blocks provided that the process calling the
function originates in an initial block.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8386:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8387:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8388:
The MVC shared library is loaded based on an attribute specified in the
Verilog source code. Check the location of this shared library specified in
the modelsim.ini variable 'MvcHome' or vsim option '-mvchome'. If vsim option
-cppinstall is used make sure that the intended compiler exists in the installation.


vsim Message # 8389:
This VCD file still has some data left to be processed, while other VCD
files have already finished. It may be okay if during recording of VCD,
one partition had ended before the others (due to execution to $stop/$finish
or something similar). If this is not the case, then there may be real
problem. Please check the used VCD files in this run to confirm.


vsim Message # 8390:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8391:
There shouldn't be any pending data communication left at the end of current
time unit. Following conditions may cause this error:
   1) User has missed to specify one or more sync controls in partition file.
   2) Reloop or LoopLimit controls aren't set to required values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8392:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8393:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8394:
Use of the -sv_reseed option is valid only in combination with -restore or -load_elab.
Use the -sv_seed option when starting simulation without -restore or -load_elab.


vsim Message # 8395:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8396:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8397:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8398:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8399:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8400:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8401:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8402:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8403:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8404:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8405:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8406:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8407:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8408:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8409:
There are incompatible types for the specified net in each of the two parallel
simulation partitions.  This can happen, for example, when a tri0 net in one
partition ends up connected to a tri1 net in another partition.


vsim Message # 8411:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8412:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8413:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8414:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8415:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8416:
All instances defined in non-master partition must be a
sub-hierarchy of the design specified in master partition


vsim Message # 8417:
Parallel simulation only supports forcing or releasing the whole connection
across partition boundaries.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8418:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8419:
If user-defined sync events are present in partition file, they
should be specified for all partitions. Also, number of events
should match in all partitions.


vsim Message # 8420:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8421:
Interconnect delays (MIPD/MITD) on nets that cross parallel simulation partition
boundary are not yet supported. You will need to re-partition the design or modify
the delay annotation.


vsim Message # 8422:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8423:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8424:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8425:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8426:
Syntax error found in partition file.
Please check Parallel Simulation User's Manual for more details.


vsim Message # 8427:
SystemVerilog LRM P1800-2012, Section 7.4.2 Unpacked Arrays :
Each fixed-size dimension shall be represented by an address range, such as
[1:1024] or a single positive number to specify the size of a fixed-size
unpacked array, as in C. In other words, [size] becomes the same as [0:size-1].


vsim Message # 8428:
Multi dimensional arrays are currently not supported at SV-VHDL mixed language boundary
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 8429:
Endpoint being read in incorrect clock domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8430:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8431:
The 'power add' command is supported only for nets.


vsim Message # 8432:
Problem in elaborating hier-ref to a property/sequence decl.


vsim Message # 8433:
The type of the specified object is not supported by the Signal Spy functions.


vsim Message # 8434:
The value specified for control state is not valid.


vsim Message # 8435:
The value specified for verbose is not valid.


vsim Message # 8436:
This indexing operation requires that you index down to the
bottom element.


vsim Message # 8437:
The range of the connected VHDL signal is not compatible with the
range of the Verilog port.


vsim Message # 8438:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8439:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8440:
Clocking block inputs may only be read, not driven.
NOTE: The line number reported may show the first use of the clocking block output,
but the error may be with another occurrence of the clocking block output.


vsim Message # 8441:
Clocking block outputs may only be used on the left hand side of a clocking drive '<='
NOTE: The line number reported may show the first use of the clocking block output,
but the error may be with another occurrence of the clocking block output.


vsim Message # 8442:
The 'type' of variable is not among the types that can be dumped in vcd file.
Valid SV types for VCD are: bit, logic, int, shortint, longint, byte, enum,
shortreal, real, packed arrays, packed and unpacked structs


vsim Message # 8443:
A problem occurred while trying to open the specified file. Verify that
the path exists and that you have write permission in the directory.
The assert file is controlled by either the -errrofile option to vsim
or the ErrorFile variable in the modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 8444:
Due to issues with specialization matching, the interaction of the
compiled class code and the specializations has changed.  In some
circumstances this may require recompiling the source code of the
class in order to ensure the consistency of the resulting design.


vsim Message # 8445:
This message attempts to indicate what type of object may be mapped at
the conflicting address during a restore error. This error occurs when a elab
or checkpoint file is loaded on a platform with a different OS version
(or patch version) from whence it it was created.  Currently this additional
error reporting is implemented on LINUX and Solaris only.


vsim Message # 8446:
Events scheduled for the simulation past are scheduled with zero delay.


vsim Message # 8447:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8448:
This message was the result of a call to io_printf() within user
defined PLI code.


vsim Message # 8449:
This message was the result of a call to vpi_printf() within user
defined PLI code.


vsim Message # 8450:
This message was the result of a call to mti_PrintMessage() or
mti_PrintFormatted() within user defined FLI code.


vsim Message # 8451:
The interface referenced by a virtual interface defines a virtual interface
type.  A matching interface instance must exist for the type to be defined.

The vsim option '-permit_unmatched_virtual_intf' (undocumented) permits vsim
to substitute a trivial type for such unmatched interfaces.  This option
normally allows a design with unused virtual interface types to elaborate
and run correctly.  In very complex type referencing cases, it is possible
for elaboration to fail even with the switch.  In such cases, a matching
interface instance will need to be elaborated in the design, even if
only in a dummy instance that is not otherwise used.


vsim Message # 8452:
Continuous assignments and port conns. may not refer to an element
of a dynamic variable.


vsim Message # 8453:
The actual type does not match with the formal type.


vsim Message # 8454:
A modport can only have a net as its inout port.


vsim Message # 8455:
The source or destination object specified is not valid and is seen
as an empty string.  Either you literally passed in an empty string, a
string register that contains an empty string, or you incorrectly
passed in the name of an object that should have been double quoted.


vsim Message # 8456:
All members of an enum must have unique values.


vsim Message # 8457:
The LRM states that the weight_specification for a production list must
evaluate to an integral non-negative value.


vsim Message # 8458:
Only references to immediate elements of a virtual interface is permitted
when the virtual interface was not matched during elaboration.
Accessing sub-fields of the form 'virtual_interface.member.member' or
similar sub-element accesses is not permitted since types cannot be
resolved in such cases.


vsim Message # 8459:
The LRM states that nets connected with an alias statement must be the same size, and type.


vsim Message # 8460:
The default and supported SDF annotation flow uses compiled SDF. (Even the
ASCII SDF files are automatically compiled before consumption). In this flow
INTERCONNECT/PORT delays are annotated in Verilog 2000 style.
1. If you got this message as an ERROR in the default annotation flow, that
   indicates that the simulator has encountered an unanticipated condition.
   This is an error condition that needs further investigation/debugging.
2. If you got this message as a WARNING, that means you've forced the annotation
   to use uncompiled SDF. In this case behavioral inputs or primitives that
   have been converted to behavioral constructs, connected to inputs will
   not be properly annotated. If for some reason you cannot use the default
   compiled SDF flow you may specify "-v2k_int_delays" on the vsim command
   line as a workaround. You should, however, resolve the original issue that
   prevented you from using the compiled SDF flow.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8461:
Coverpoint expressions must not be of dynamic type including virtual interface and class variables.
This restriction is compliant to IEEE Std 1800-2005 LRM (section 6.6 and section 20.8)


vsim Message # 8462:
A net actual can't be passed to ref/output formal; nets must have
continuous drivers.


vsim Message # 8463:
Only one default top-level library can be specified using the -lib option.
If multiple -lib options are used, only the last one is taken.


vsim Message # 8464:
Due to IEEE 1364 PLI requirements, the representation for a memory element
can not be the same as the representation of a non-memory declaration.
When a memory element is used as the actual for a 'ref' mode formal,
inout semantics must be followed in order to convert the representation.


vsim Message # 8465:
An actual expression associated with a formal of mode "ref" must be
an unpacked value or a select into an unpacked structure or array.


vsim Message # 8466:
A virtual interface assignment may only be assigned an interface
or another virtual interface with the same parameterization.


vsim Message # 8467:
An vcdstim file specified with an -vcdstim option
could not be found. Verify that the file exists and that you have the
correct permissions to access the file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8468:
'.*' port connection not allowed when target of bind is a SystemC module.


vsim Message # 8469:
Actuals of type expressions and literals are not supported when binding to SystemC targets.


vsim Message # 8470:
A SETUPHOLD or RECREM was only half matched by the timing checks in the
module.  For example, SETUPHOLD only matched a $setup or $hold, but not both.
This may indicate an error in the SDF file.


vsim Message # 8471:
A value of enum type specified in the 'bins' value range is invalid. It will be
removed from the bin values.


vsim Message # 8472:
A '4-state' value with unknown bits can't be specified as a bin value of the coverpoint that covers
the '2-state' expression. It will be removed from the bin values.


vsim Message # 8473:
A value with unknown bits can not be specified as the bound of a value range. It will be
removed from the bin values.


vsim Message # 8474:
The value singleton is invalid as a bin value of the coverpoint. It will be removed
from the bin values.


vsim Message # 8475:
The value range is invalid as a bin value range of the coverpoint. It will be removed
from the bin value ranges.


vsim Message # 8478:
The transition item value range list is empty. The corresponding transition set will be removed.


vsim Message # 8479:
VHDL generics is a declared as a constrained array, the actual
is not the correct size


vsim Message # 8480:
It is illegal to use a defparam that has a hierarchical name
that resolves through a VHDL ancestor.  Defparams may only target
children when crossing VHDL instances.


vsim Message # 8481:
Using a defparam to modify parameters of Verilog children with a VHDL
parent is not  supported.


vsim Message # 8482:
VHDL generics that are used to determine the size of signals and
generate blocks cannot be modified from the original value inherited
during the initial phase of elaboration.


vsim Message # 8483:
The actual associated with this formal is incompatible
Check for compiler warnings for more information on exactly
why the connection is invalid.


vsim Message # 8484:
Multiple cell or instance clauses have been specified for the same
module. Only the liblist of the last applicable cell/instance clause
will be used. If multiple cell and instance clauses apply to the
same module, only the liblist of the last instance clause will be
used. Because IEEE Std 1364-2005 does not specify any method to resolve
this conflict, results may not be identical between simulators.


vsim Message # 8485:
Multiple cell or instance clauses have been specified for the same
module. Only the use clause of the last applicable cell/instance
clause will be used. If multiple cell and instance clauses apply to the
same module, only the use clause of the last instance clause will be
used. Because IEEE Std 1364-2005 does not specify any method to resolve
this conflict, results may not be identical between simulators.


vsim Message # 8486:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8487:
The value of the GenerateFormat variable present in the [vsim] section
of the modelsim.ini file must contain exactly one %s format specifier
and one %d format specifier, in that order.  It must also not contain
any upper case letters or any backslash characters.
The default GenerateFormat, "%s__%d", will be used.


vsim Message # 8488:
The given design-unit was marked as a Preoptimized Design Unit with
tool, which created an association between it and the given optimized design.
However unless both the original design-unit and the preoptimized design unit
are in the same library this error will occur.


vsim Message # 8489:
This is an internal error generated when the kernel is not able to decompile
type for a simulation object. The concerned object will not be available
for debug. This error will not affect the simulation results in any way.
The simulation should work correctly.


vsim Message # 8490:
The assignment of covergroup option/type_option variable is either invalid or effectless.


vsim Message # 8491:
Only dyanmic arrays using a '[]' declaration form such as 'int a[];'
may be allocated using 'new'.  Queues ('int a[$]')
do not permit the use of 'new'.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8492:
For -assertdebug, the simulator must either be run in -novopt mode, or
+acc=a must be specified at compile time on at least one assertion instance.


vsim Message # 8493:
Check C/C++ code that assigns to the open handle handle. This out of the array bound write
has caused the memory corruption and will lead to indeterministic behavior.


vsim Message # 8494:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8495:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8496:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is invalid.


vsim Message # 8498:
If the actual expr is a dynamic array, check whether it has been initialized or not.


vsim Message # 8499:
The element index being used is out-of-range or invalid.


vsim Message # 8500:
The element index being used is out-of-range or invalid.


vsim Message # 8501:
Check the type of the actual argument for formals with unsized packed dimension.


vsim Message # 8502:
It is required that the open array formal and actual have exactly same number of
unpacked dimensions and element type for each dimension.


vsim Message # 8503:
Check the elaboration type of parameterized type formal in DPI given in the error message.
The unsupported types include struct, open array with unsized packed or unpacked dimensions,
and enum type.


vsim Message # 8504:
Check whether the pointer is a valid open array handle. This might also be caused by a
corrupted open array handle.


vsim Message # 8505:
DPI does not support tagged unions.


vsim Message # 8506:
While running parallel simulation, UCDB database specification is not allowed through
$set_coverage_db_name() or UCDBFilename variable in Modelsim.ini. These specifications
will be ignored if user has specified them.


vsim Message # 8507:
Upscope pathnames cannot go higher than the design root. Too many
^. were present in the pathname.


vsim Message # 8508:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8509:
The object class specified in the VHDL external name is different from
the class of the denoted object.
An external CONSTANT name must denote a generic or a constant.
An external VARIABLE name must denote a (shared) variable.
An external SIGNAL name must denote a signal or port.
Additionally, if an external SIGNAL name is read, it must be a local
signal, mode IN port, or mode INOUT port.  Similarly, if an external
SIGNAL name is written, it must be a local signal, mode OUT port, or
mode INOUT port.


vsim Message # 8510:
[I]t is an error if the base type of the object denoted by an external
name is not the same as the base type of the type mark in the subtype
indication of the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8511:
If the subtype indication [of an external name] denotes a composite
subtype, then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it
were of the subtype specified by the subtype indication.  For each index
range, if any, in the subtype, if the subtype defines the index range,
the object is viewed with that index range; otherwise, the object is
viewed with the index range of the object.  The view specified by the
subtype shall include a matching element (see 9.2.3) for each element of
the object denoted by the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8512:
The subtype indication of an external name has a scalar range or array
index range that is different from that of the denoted object.
This is for information only as it is not illegal.


vsim Message # 8513:
The subtype indication of an external name is a composite subtype that
contains an array index range that is different from that of the denoted
object, the left bound in particular.
This is for information only as it is not illegal.


vsim Message # 8514:
The subtype indication of an external name is a composite subtype that
contains an array index range that is different from that of the denoted
object, the right bound in particular.
This is for information only as it is not illegal.


vsim Message # 8515:
The -togglemaxrealvalues option controls the maximum number of real values
that are tracked by toggle coverage. Coverage of a real means keeping track
of each value the real assumes along with an associated count. The default is
100 values.


vsim Message # 8516:
The -togglemaxfixedsizearray option controls the maximum size of fixed-size arrays
that are tracked by toggle coverage. The default limit is 1024.


vsim Message # 8517:
Fixed-size array was ignored from toggle coverage because its size is
more than the global limit on array sizes. Use -togglemaxfixedsizearray
option to set a higher limit.


vsim Message # 8518:
In the SystemVerilog DPI, an export task or function can be called only
when the elaboration is done.


vsim Message # 8519:
Refer to the detailed reason inside the parenthesis at the end of the error message.


vsim Message # 8520:
There are too many cross bins. Please make sure that this is what you intended.


vsim Message # 8521:
There are too many coverpoint bins. Please make sure that this is what you intended.


vsim Message # 8522:
There are zero coverpoint bins. Please make sure that this is what you intended.


vsim Message # 8523:
A signal must have been elaborated before it can be referenced in an
external name.
The default value for the type of the signal has been used.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.2 Elaboration of a design hierarchy]


vsim Message # 8524:
For designs that use global memory (common memory between partitions),
the checkpoint/restore commands are not supported.


vsim Message # 8525:
This signal has been optimized, so it cannot be forced.
Use +acc option in vopt to disable this optimization if you want to force this signal.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - force command]


vsim Message # 8526:
A Preoptimized Design Unit was found during design elaboration,
but the -pduignore/-ignore_bbox switch was in effect for the particular instance.
Therefore the preoptimized design unit is being ignored, and "normal" elaboration
will occur for this particular design-unit.


vsim Message # 8527:
When the top-level instance specified for vsim to simulate is an optimized
design, any -pduignore/-ignore_bbox switches will have no effect.
(Since the processing of the design has already occurred in vopt, it is too
late to ignore the preoptimized design units.)


vsim Message # 8528:
The function mti_GetHighestParentSignal failed.  We were unable to find
the highest resolved composite signal due to the reason mentioned in the
actual error message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8529:
A NULL resolved composite value ID was passed to the specified function.
A valid resolved composite value ID parameter is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8530:
The index value provided was outside the range of the resolved composite
value ID parameter specified.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8531:
The scalar value type provided does not match the indexed resolved
composite value type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8532:
A NULL scalar value ID was passed to the specified function.  A valid
scalar value ID parameter is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8533:
The incorrect function was called, please make a call to the alternate
function that was mentioned.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8534:
VHDL hierarchical references and elements of record are not supported as actuals
in bind statements in novopt flow. Please run in vopt flow.


vsim Message # 8535:
The specified range of indexes into a vector element has been violated by the identified access.
The resulting value of this access is (X) unknown for simulation.
 Use +nowarnBSOB to suppress this warning message.


vsim Message # 8536:
There is a limit in the number of cross product in cross bin rhs coverage report. The limit
needs to be changed in order to include more cross products in the cross bin rhs report.


vsim Message # 8537:
Protected envelope of IEEE 1076-2008 [Section 24] accessed.


vsim Message # 8538:
SV assertion local var flow rules not met.


vsim Message # 8539:
An instance clause should contain an inst_name, which is defined to be
a topmodule_identifier, followed by zero or more occurrences of
path separator '.' followed by an instance name or block label.
Refer to IEEE 1076-2008 [Section 13.3.1.3].


vsim Message # 8540:
Please check the size specified in the cover bin mentioned in the error message.


vsim Message # 8541:
Fixed-size array transition bins are not allowed in Covergroups per LRM.


vsim Message # 8542:
Default array transition bin is not allowed in Covergroups per LRM.


vsim Message # 8543:
The size of coverpoint bin mentioned in the error message is too big. Please check the source code.


vsim Message # 8544:
The size of coverpoint bin mentioned in the error message is too big. Please check the source code.


vsim Message # 8545:
The size of coverpoint bin mentioned in the error message is invalid. Please check the source code.


vsim Message # 8546:
Some of the values may have been dropped because of the specification of ignore/illegal bins.


vsim Message # 8547:
All of the values may have been dropped because of the specification of ignore/illegal bins or
the values themselves are outside the valid range determined by the coverpoint expression type.


vsim Message # 8548:
All of the values may have been dropped because of the specification of other bins.


vsim Message # 8549:
All of the values/transitions may have been dropped because of the specification of
ignore/illegal bins or the values themselves are outside the valid range determined
by the coverpoint expression type.


vsim Message # 8550:
Check the possible earlier warning messages where the zero coverable bins in the
coverpoint is mentioned.


vsim Message # 8551:
Please double check the coverpoint used in select expression and make sure it is included
in cross coverpoint list.


vsim Message # 8552:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8553:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8554:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8555:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8556:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8557:
Neither ignore/illegal bin nor default bin is allowed in the select expression of
a cross bin perl LRM.


vsim Message # 8558:
Neither ignore/illegal bin nor default bin is allowed in the select expression of a
cross bin perl LRM.


vsim Message # 8559:
Please check the value ranges specified inside the intersect value list.


vsim Message # 8560:
Please check the earlier error messages that potentially give more information on why
the cross bin is empty.


vsim Message # 8561:
Please check the option variable auto_bin_max assignment or modelsim.ini
variable SVCoverpointAutoBinMax setting.


vsim Message # 8562:
Please double check whether this is intended.


vsim Message # 8563:
Please double check whether this is intended.


vsim Message # 8564:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8565:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8566:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8567:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8568:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8569:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8570:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8571:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8572:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8573:
This is a warning message to confirm the collapsing of a default array bin into
a single array bin per user's request.


vsim Message # 8574:
Calling process::suspend() or process::kill() from a function is legal, but the
results when suspending or killing the active process are undefined.


vsim Message # 8575:
The first argument to $value$plusargs must be a string that is used
both for locating the plusarg and for formatting the value.


vsim Message # 8576:
The value being supplied to the specified parameter
is invalid for that parameter.


vsim Message # 8577:
In some contexts, most commonly parameterized classes, the object does not
have a true hierarchical name.  The name produced by '%m' during simulation
is not available during elaboration so use of '%m' in this context is disallowed.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8578:
A design name must be specified to vopt with the -pa_defertop switch.


vsim Message # 8579:
This error occur when vopt was run with -pa_defertop option and
(1) either -pa_top option is not specified in vsim.
(2) or wrong hierarchy is specified with -pa_top option.


vsim Message # 8580:
vsim switch '-cvgsparsearraybin' is not currently supported for the single
transition array bin in covergroup.


vsim Message # 8581:
Command issued expected a signal type different from the one passed.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim Message # 8582:
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim Message # 8583:
Logging of certain dynamic types or arbitrarily complex objects is
not supported in this QuestaSim release.  Logging of these items may be
added in future releases.  If the attribute does not already exist,
it is not created.  This warning indicates a design error.


vsim Message # 8584:
Not enough arguments are being passed to the specified builtin task or function.


vsim Message # 8585:
Too many arguments are being passed to the specified builtin task or function.


vsim Message # 8586:
Cross partition multi-source delay is specified in SDF. It is not supported

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8587:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8588:
Structural optimizations collapse structural elements. Delayed SDF annotations
may look for these objects at any point in the simulation. In order to ensure
that they will be found, we are required to disable the structural optimizations.
It also can adversely effect SDF INTERCONNECT delay annotation.


vsim Message # 8589:
In '-dvfsproto' mode, When '+multisource_int_delays' is not specified, multiple
INTERCONNECT annotations to the same port will be resolved as if
'-multisource_delay latest' has been specified. If the -multisource_delay is
specified on the vsim command line with either 'max' or 'min' options,
in '-dvfsproto' mode, this error occurs.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8590:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8591:
Partition did not find net handle for boundary inout net. It may have been
optimized by compiler. You may need to re-compile and preserve visibility for this net.


vsim Message # 8592:
The scope name referred too is not a label that is associated with
an array of instances, Verilog generate block, or a VHDL FOR GENERATE.
Only scopes that refer to labels can create multiple instances can
can have indices after the label in a name.
or an expression made up of them (constant expression).


vsim Message # 8593:
The 6.3 compatibility of the tool overrides the user assignments to
the type_option.merge_instances and option.get_inst_coverage covergroup options.
To have the effects of the assignments made on any of those two options requires
disabling the 6.3 compatibility of the tool. That could be done either by using the
commandline option -nocvg63, or, by setting the modelsim.ini variable
SVCovergroup63Compatibility to 0.


vsim Message # 8594:
This kind of design unit is not supported for elaboration.
Check the design-unit kind using the vdir command.
If this is an Analog design unit, run ADMS to elaborate it.


vsim Message # 8596:
Next active simulation time (delta) is different between parallel simulation and
unicore simulation. Unicore simulation delta can be higher sometimes due to partitioning
logic. But, parallel simulation delta should never be higher.


vsim Message # 8597:
The Linux kernel contains a security feature that randomly
assigns an address space for an executable and its shared
libraries. Depending on which Linux distribution you are
using, there are two possible files that indicate the security
feature is active:
     /proc/sys/kernel/randomize_va_space
     /proc/sys/kernel/exec-shield-randomize
If either of these files contains a 1 then the feature is
active. In order for the restore feature to load a checkpoint
file the simulator process must have the same memory footprint
as the simulator process that creates the checkpoint file.
Multiple attempts at running the simulator may produce a memory
footprint that allows the checkpoint file to load. It is
possible to disable this security feature. Please consult with
your system administrator.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8598:
When '-onexit' is specified in a 'toggle report' command, a file must be
specified as well with the '-file' option.


vsim Message # 8599:
This is an internal error that is generated when the supply net type was not
dumped in code generation.


vsim Message # 8600:
Primitive output and inout terminals shall be connected directly to 1-bit nets or
1-bit structural net expressions.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2005 Verilog LRM - 11.6.6 Port connections]


vsim Message # 8601:
Zero replication with replication constant as zero shall appear only within
a concatenation in which at least one of the operands of the concatenation
has a positive size.


vsim Message # 8602:
A replication multiplier of 0 is only allowed inside a concatenation.
This message is suppressible. On suppressing this message 1'b0 will be
used as the substitute value of replication expression


vsim Message # 8604:
Evaluation of a floating point division operation involving a zero
denominator has occurred, with a result that is not a number (NaN).
This generally means that the numerator was 0.0 also.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8605:
Only one global clocking block may be declared anywhere in an entire elaborated design
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 14.14]


vsim Message # 8606:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 14.14]


vsim Message # 8607:
A replication multiplier must be greater than or equal to 0.


vsim Message # 8608:
Internal


vsim Message # 8609:
Internal


vsim Message # 8610:
Internal


vsim Message # 8611:
The simulator is automatically running the "vopt -debugdb" tool.


vsim Message # 8613:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8614:
The data type of value given to override a generic is not compatible with
the data type of the generic. Please refer to the User's Manual for more details.


vsim Message # 8615:
Evaluation of a floating point division operation involving a zero
denominator has occurred, with a result that is not a number (NaN).
This generally means that the numerator was 0.0 also.


vsim Message # 8616:
Optimized designs cannot be simulated with the Modelsim Personal Edition.


vsim Message # 8617:
Vopt is not able to fully evaluate one or more expressions involving
conditional generate statements in the design. As a result, vopt can
not determine if a component instance will actually be generated when
the design is loaded. If the specified component is actually
generated, then the component has not been explicitly bound and no
default binding has been found for it.
See message 3473 for an explanation of unbound component instances.


vsim Message # 8618:
The keyed list function can be used only on keyed list.


vsim Message # 8620:
Please check the every_count parameter specified in the cover bin mentioned in the error message.


vsim Message # 8621:
A global covergroup shall not get sampled more than once.


vsim Message # 8622:
To make a basic coverage item gradable, one can either define ranges for
the item with ranges option, or set auto_ranges coverage configuration to
TRUE or increase max_int_buckets to a number not less than the number of
possible values of the item. To make a cross or transition item gradable,
all of the cross elements or transition item element need to be gradable.


vsim Message # 8623:
A value specified in the 'bins' value range is invalid. It will be
removed from the bin values.


vsim Message # 8625:
THIS MESSAGE HAS BEEN DEPRICATED!


vsim Message # 8626:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8629:
Using a non-gradable item as a per_instance item is not allowed per LRM.


vsim Message # 8630:
Evaluation of a floating point division operation involving a zero
denominator has occurred, with a result that is either positive or
negative infinity (+Inf or -Inf).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8631:
An evaluation of a floating point divide operation involving a zero
denominator has occurred, with a result that is either positive or
negative infinity (+Inf or -Inf).


vsim Message # 8632:
If a subelement of a resolved signal of a composite type has a driver
in a given process, then every scalar subelement of that signal must
have a driver in the same process, and the collection of all these
drivers taken together constitute one source of the signal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 4.3.1.2 Signal declarations]


vsim Message # 8634:
Code coverage was turned on during simulation by using vsim option -coverage.
However, none of the design units were compiled using any coverage options.
Apply coverage options during compilation.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Code Coverage Chapter]


vsim Message # 8635:
The unpacked-array object connected to the specified port in the
port list of an array of instances must either match the formal
or have the same number of dimensions and matching widths as the
array of instances.


vsim Message # 8636:
The unpacked-array object connected to the specified port in the
port list of an array of instances must either match the formal
or have the same number of dimensions and matching widths as the
array of instances.


vsim Message # 8637:
A modport should not be considered a normal scope that can be
referenced in a hierarchical path.


vsim Message # 8638:
You must specify minimum required sync controls for boundary instances,
like VHDL=1 for VHDL instances and Verilog=1 for Verilog instances.


vsim Message # 8639:
If the subtype indication [of an extern name] denotes a scalar subtype,
then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it were of
the subtype specified by the subtype indication; moreover, it is an
error when evaluating the external name if this subtype does not have
the same bounds and direction as the subtype of the object denoted by
the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8640:
If the subtype indication [of an extern name] denotes a scalar subtype,
then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it were of
the subtype specified by the subtype indication; moreover, it is an
error when evaluating the external name if this subtype does not have
the same bounds and direction as the subtype of the object denoted by
the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8641:
If the subtype indication [of an extern name] denotes a scalar subtype,
then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it were of
the subtype specified by the subtype indication; moreover, it is an
error when evaluating the external name if this subtype does not have
the same bounds and direction as the subtype of the object denoted by
the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8642:
If the subtype indication [of an extern name] denotes a scalar subtype,
then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it were of
the subtype specified by the subtype indication; moreover, it is an
error when evaluating the external name if this subtype does not have
the same bounds and direction as the subtype of the object denoted by
the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8643:
If the subtype indication [of an extern name] denotes a scalar subtype,
then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it were of
the subtype specified by the subtype indication; moreover, it is an
error when evaluating the external name if this subtype does not have
the same bounds and direction as the subtype of the object denoted by
the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8644:
If the subtype indication [of an extern name] denotes a scalar subtype,
then the object denoted by the external name is viewed as if it were of
the subtype specified by the subtype indication; moreover, it is an
error when evaluating the external name if this subtype does not have
the same bounds and direction as the subtype of the object denoted by
the external name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8645:
If an constrained type is specified for a VHDL external reference,
it direction and bounds must match the actual direction and bounds of
the referenced object.


vsim Message # 8647:
In unicore mode, all partition boundaries values are compared with unicore
values at the end of each time unit. If value mismatch has happened, then
Parallel simulation and Unicore simulation are not in sync anymore, and may
produce different results.


vsim Message # 8648:
An unknown reference to a field was made.


vsim Message # 8649:
The named function was not found, and thus it was not executed.


vsim Message # 8650:
In the procedure indicated underlines are permitted in the value read from the line, after
skipping leading whitespace. However, the value may not begin with an underline.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL-LRM - 16.4 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 8651:
Hier-ref to this type of signal is not supported.
Only scalar signals of type std_logic and std_ulogic are currently allowed.


vsim Message # 8652:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8653:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8662:
VHDL external names cannot directly denote an element of an array or a
record.
To denote an element of an array, form an indexed name that has a prefix
that is an external name that denotes the array object; the prefix will
be followed by the parentheses-enclosed index expression(s).
To denote an element of a record, form a selected name that has a prefix
that is an external name that denotes the record object; the prefix will
be followed by a dot and a suffix that is the simple name of an element
of that record.


vsim Message # 8663:
Verilog value is most likely out of range for the object or a subelement
of the object given.


vsim Message # 8664:
Individual settings for pass and fail are not supported anymore for
assertions. Only fail settings are allowed for assertions.


vsim Message # 8665:
Individual settings for pass and fail are not supported anymore for
assertions. Only fail settings are allowed for assertions.


vsim Message # 8666:
Individual settings for pass and fail are not supported anymore for
assertions. Only fail settings are allowed for assertions.


vsim Message # 8667:
VHDL variable do not have the ability to trigger Verilog events. Therefore changes
on of VHDL variables will not cause any Verilog statements to execute.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8668:
IEEE 1800-2005 and later have deprecated the acc and tf routines.
Due to memory layout compatibility requirements, direct access to memories
by way of the tf_nodeinfo memoryval_p field is no longer supported.
The memoryval_p field will be set to a null pointer; vpi routines should
be used for applications requiring memory access.


vsim Message # 8669:
The reported instance was inside the region that was annotated by the specified
SDF file. But it wasn't annotated any SDF values.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8670:
Invalid value of extended toggle mode was specified with
-extendedtogglemode command line option. Valid values are 1, 2 and 3.


vsim Message # 8674:
A VHDL variable or constant cannot be used as a left-hand-side value
where a net is expected.


vsim Message # 8675:
A VHDL variable change value but cannot trigger changes on net to
track the variable changes.  Therefore they cannot be drive an
implicit net.


vsim Message # 8676:
A VHDL variable change value but cannot trigger changes on net to
track the variable changes.  Therefore they cannot be drive an
implicit net.


vsim Message # 8677:
Currently one cannot use a hierarchical reference to a VHDL object
as the left-hand side of a continuous assignment.


vsim Message # 8678:
Currently one cannot use a hierarchical reference cannot allow bit selection to occur
to VHDL object that are INTEGER or ENUM types.


vsim Message # 8679:
Currently one cannot use a hierarchical reference cannot allow bit selection to occur
to VHDL object that are INTEGER or ENUM types.


vsim Message # 8680:
Either the object is not a part-selectable object or an incorrect
number of indexes is being used to part-select the object.


vsim Message # 8681:
An attempt was made to add a node for toggle coverage analysis while coverage
statistics was disabled. Coverage statistics must be enabled in vsim, by invoking
vsim with '-coverage' command line option for toggle coverage data to be collected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8682:
There has been an attempt to change the value of a signal connected
to inout ports in two different partitions. Simulation results will
be unreliable.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8683:
An output port has no default expression in its declaration and has no
drivers.  The VHDL LRM-compliant value it propagates to higher-level
connected signals may not be what is desired.  In particular, this
behavior might not correspond to the synthesis view of initialization.
The vsim switch "-defaultstdlogicinittoz" or "-forcestdlogicinittoz"
may be useful in this situation.


vsim Message # 8684:
An output port having no drivers has been combined with a higher-level
connected signal.  The port will get its initial value from this
higher-level connected signal; this is not compliant with the behavior
required by the VHDL LRM.
LRM compliant behavior would require the port's initial value come from its
declaration, however since it was combined or collapsed with the port or signal
higher in the hierarchy, the initial value came from that port or signal.
LRM compliant behavior can be obtained by preventing the collapsing of these
ports with the vsim switch -donotcollapsepartiallydriven.
If the port is collapsed to a port or signal with the same initialization (as
is often the case of default initializations being applied), there is no
problem and the proper initialization is done and the simulation is LRM
compliant.


vsim Message # 8685:
The VHDL Language Reference Manual specifies that the default value
is the left most or first value in the range of values. For std_logic
this is the value 'U'. Unfortunately, the resolution function of
the std_logic type, as specified by its standard, resolves everything
with 'U' to 'U'. Therefore, the -defaultstdlogicinittoz causes behavior
contrary to the language standard to overcome this.


vsim Message # 8686:
If a subelement or slice of a resolved signal of
composite type is associated as an actual in a port map aspect.
And, if the corresponding formal is of mode out, inout, buffer, or linkage,
then every scalar subelement of that signal must be associated exactly
once with such a formal in the same port map aspect.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 4.3.1.2 Signal declarations]


vsim Message # 8687:
This error occurs when portions of the design have been compiled as Preoptimized
Design Unit components (vopt -pdu/-bbox) but the SystemVerilog packages referenced
in the design are not consistent between the indicated libraries or preoptimized
design unit elements.


vsim Message # 8688:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 8.18]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8689:
The +acc option is used by vopt, and vsim will quietly ignore it.  This warning
is intended to provide a hint to specify +acc information using the -voptargs
switch.


vsim Message # 8690:
The +acc option is used by vopt, and vsim will quietly ignore it.  This warning
is intended to provide a hint to enable vopt, and specify +acc information
using the -voptargs switch.


vsim Message # 8691:
The interface mti_AddDPISaveRestoreCB() is expected to be used for registering
the name of restore callback function. Make sure a correct name is provided. And make
sure the function whose name is given has the extern 'C' linkage.


vsim Message # 8692:
The interface mti_AddDPISaveRestoreCB() has been used to register the name of
restore callback function. Make sure the correct name is being used. And also
the restore callback function is expected to have extern 'C' linkage.


vsim Message # 8693:
The exact same process shared library mappings are required for
restoring this checkpoint file. If this shared library is a dependent
library, please ensure that the directory-based checkpoint flow is
eing used. The checkpoint is created via 'checkpoint -dir <dir-name>'


vsim Message # 8694:
Please contact Support for this issue.


vsim Message # 8695:
SV assertion 'iff' construct is currently not supported in a recursive property.


vsim Message # 8704:
User can increase the loop limit in the partition file, if this behavior is by design.
Otherwise, user should examine the design and partitioning
Variable assignment race is one issue that is known to cause this behavior


vsim Message # 8705:
The class of object used as an actual in generic map while binding to VHDL target
scopes using SV bind construct should be generic, constant or variable.


vsim Message # 8706:
Modules containing optimized gate-level cells using a common system task
were compiled using +nocheckSTWSE=<systask> (with side-effect) and another
cell with +nocheckST=<systask> (without side-effects).


vsim Message # 8707:
Address has to be specified in the file specified for readmem command
while loading into associative array.


vsim Message # 8708:
The data word currently being loaded is outside of the range of the
addresses to be loaded.  The rest of the file has been skipped.


vsim Message # 8709:
Scope names (for example tasks, functions, sequential blocks, etc.) may be
referenced using a simple identifier before being declared.  Non-scope
objects like variables, nets, typedefs, etc. must be declared before
being referenced by a simple identifier.


vsim Message # 8710:
The length of the formal array port of the bound entity is different
from the length of the local component port, even though the actual for
the port is open.  Two array objects can be connected only if their
lengths are equal at each index position in the array subtype. The port
map aspect rules apply in both the actual-to-local port connection and
the local-to-formal port connection.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 12.2.4 The port map aspect]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 9.6.1 Instantiation of a component]


vsim Message # 8711:
The per_instance, get_inst_coverage, auto_bin_max, no_collect, detect_overlap
and parameter_projection_name options can only be set in the covergroup or
coverpoint declaration. Other instance-specific options can be assigned
procedurally after a covergroup has been instantiated.


vsim Message # 8712:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8713:
In a default binding, one or more GENERICs on the component could not be
found on the associated ENTITY (because it has no GENERICs).
This is just a warning; the entity will ignore and not use the value of
any component generics.
Verify that the intended entity is being used.


vsim Message # 8714:
When $sdf_annotates that will execute after time 0 are present, we used to disable
all structural optimizations. Now we try to disable these optimizations in a region
only if that region gets annotated multiple times and at least one of those times is
after time 0. To take advantage of this the reported SDF file must be recompiled.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8715:
A cell INSTANCE specified under a wild-card instance, in the SDF file,
could not be found at the expected hierarchical level in the design.
Verify that the CELLTYPE of the wild-card instance is correct.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8716:
The design check showed that the existing debug database could be reused.


vsim Message # 8717:
An unoptimized design unit cannot be elaborated when instantiated by an optimized design unit.


vsim Message # 8718:
Use by-inst coverage report for best accuracy.


vsim Message # 8719:
The actual value provided for a generic in a package instantiation differs
from the value specified in the interface package element present within
an uninstantiated package declaration.


vsim Message # 8720:
A log_exclude file specified with a "-log_exclude <filename>" option
could not be found. Verify that the file exists and that you have the
correct permissions to access the file.


vsim Message # 8721:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8722:
A wildcard character was encountered in the -log_exclude <filename> option to vsim.
At this time, wildcarding is not supported when excluding objects from being logged.
The line in the log_exclude file will be skipped but other valid lines will be handled.


vsim Message # 8723:
Transaction stream and attribute names must be legal IDs based on the
source language of the region in which the stream is created.  For
example, if a stream in located in a VHDL region, names are tested to
see if they are valid basic identifiers or valid extended identifiers.
This testing is required so as to make UI debug possible.  Debug features,
such as part selection, depend on being able to parse names successfully.


vsim Message # 8724:
In the procedure indicated underlines are permitted in the value read from the line, after
skipping leading whitespace. However, the value may not begin with an underline.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.4 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 8725:
In the procedure indicated underlines are permitted in the value read from the line, after
skipping leading whitespace. However, an underline character may not follow immediately
another underline character.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 16.4 Package TEXTIO]


vsim Message # 8740:
The argument to the $cast must be 'singular' (ie, packed, a class handle, or similar).


vsim Message # 8745:
When RETAIN delay values are greater than their corresponding path delay values
(e.g. 0->z path delay value is less than or equal to the rising RETAIN delay)
those RETAIN delay values will have no effect on corresponding transitions in
the simulation.


vsim Message # 8746:
It is recommended to provide compiled SDF file in parallel simulation flow,
otherwise same SDF file may be compiled multiple times, once by each partition,
and there may be conflict in parallel writes to the same compiled file location.


vsim Message # 8747:
Only compiled SDF is supported by Parallel Simulation. Plese enable AutoSDF compilation.


vsim Message # 8748:
Methods that change the order of an array do not make sense for an associative
array.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8749:
The profile database referenced was written by a newer version of the simulator.
Use a newer version of the simulator to read this file.


vsim Message # 8750:
The profile database referenced was written by a version of the simulator
that has larger word size.  Use that version of simulator to read this profile database.
A 64-bit verison of the database needs to be read with a 64-bit version of the simulator.
A 32-bit version of the database can be read by a 64-bit version of the simulator.


vsim Message # 8751:
The profile database referenced can not be found at the path specified.


vsim Message # 8752:
The referenced profile database can not be opened.  This file may have been
written by a newer version of the simulator.  Try to open this profile database
using a newer version of the simulator.


vsim Message # 8753:
Simulation time resolution is not set to design's minimum time resolution. It can
happen due to design's partitioning. You need to set same minimum time resolution
in all partitions by specifying option '-t'.


vsim Message # 8754:
An actual expression must be assignment-compatible with the formal
argument it is being passed to.


vsim Message # 8755:
The tcheck_set command will not change the status of timing checks in a module that
has been compiled with '-nodebug'. Similarly tcheck_status will not display anything.
Also there will be no recursion into the hierarchy below such instances.


vsim Message # 8756:
Section 15.5.1 - Requirements for accurate simulation - IEEE 1364-2005 states:
Delayed data and reference signals can be declared within the timing
check so they can be used in the model's functional implementation to
ensure accurate simulation.  If no delayed signals are declared in the
timing check and if a negative setup or hold value is present, then
implicit delayed signals are created. Because implicit delayed signals
cannot be used in defining model behavior, such a model can possibly
behave incorrectly.

By default this message is only displayed once and maybe suppressed with
+nowarn8756.  Use +ntc_warn to cause all instances to be reported.
See IEEE 1364-2005, section 15.5.1 for more information.


vsim Message # 8757:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8759:
If the lower range in the repetition is 0, the sequence has an empty match.
Such a sequence can not have output or inout local variable arguments.


vsim Message # 8760:
The width of a format specifier must be a non-negative integer.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8762:
Since QuestaSim 6.4, compiled SDF annotation flow has been the supported
annotation flow. The vsim command line option '-no_autosdf' and the
modelsim.in variable NoAutoSDFCompile, have been left only to be used in
debugging efforts, as potential work-arounds. This warning is issued to
draw attention to inadvertent use of them in a regular tool flow.


vsim Message # 8765:
The element referenced exists, but is not accessible.
Sequences and properties are not accessible through a virtual interface.


vsim Message # 8767:
Creating multiple objects with the same name in a single region is not allowed.
The transaction engine API function detected the collision and did not create
the requested stream or other object.  You will need to correct the design by
changing the name of the HDL object or changing the name of the transaction
object.


vsim Message # 8768:
Interconnect delays (MIPD/MITD) on nets that cross parallel simulation partition
boundary are not yet supported. You will need to re-partition the design or modify
the delay annotation.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8769:
Trying to set/get rand_mode for a non-existent object.


vsim Message # 8770:
The sub bin index specification in the select expression is out of range.


vsim Message # 8773:
DPI out of the blue calls are only allowed with function and non-blocking task.
Check the export call given in the source information.


vsim Message # 8774:
The object was declared to be of an interface type.  The actual type
associated with the interface type is not fully constrained.  Only a
class CONSTANT object (that will get its constraint from its initial
value) can be declared to be of a subtype that is not fully constrained.


vsim Message # 8775:
The specified name in a simple or hierarchical reference cannot be found
as an instance or object in the design.


vsim Message # 8776:
Tasks do not return values whereas functions do.  Perhaps the task
should be rewritten as a function.  Also, verify the spelling of the name
that resovled to a task; perhaps the intended function is misspelled.


vsim Message # 8777:
This message is issued when the expression evaluation in an assertion
causes another assertion to fire with severity same or more than
specified for breakpointing.


vsim Message # 8778:
The usage of the switch mentioned should be removed. Check the release
note on the related changes.


vsim Message # 8779:
QuestaSim automatically generates DPI-SC wrappers from the compiled libraries
during 'sccom -link'. If there is any new SystemVerilog compilation after that, the
generated wrapper file may be out of date and must be regenerated before simulation.


vsim Message # 8780:
This warning is suppressed by default in the modelsim.ini file.
Commenting out the suppress statement will activate the message.
The TCL force command follows Verilog semantics of a single wire.
This warning will appear when force applies the wire model to force
a higher level signal instead of the one specified in the force command.


vsim Message # 8781:
QuestaSim has incorrectly handled a file mapping table. Please notify QuestaSim support.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8782:
The target of a bit-stream cast or streaming pack/unpack operator
must be a data object of a bit-stream type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 6.24.3]


vsim Message # 8783:
It is a fatal error to have duplicate covergroup instance names. The downstream coverage tool
can not preserve or analyze the coverage data as a result. Please use predefined coverage
method set_inst_name() to set a unique name for Covergroup instance in order to avoid this error.


vsim Message # 8784:
Active queue communication is optimized, when VHDL sync control is specified.
This optimization is disable when One of the Verilog or SV sync controls are
specified in mixed-HDL design. Disabling active queue communication may produce
incorrect result in such scenario.


vsim Message # 8785:
The UVM-aware debugging capabilities of the simulator have been disabled because the UVM-aware
debug utility package cannot be found. There are two reasons this may happen. The package may have
been compiled, but cannot be found by the library loading algorithm. If this package exists in place
other than the mtiUvm library or the work library then using the vopt/vsim -L option to specify a
search library can help.

The second reason is that the package has not been compiled, and the pre-compiled version cannot
be used since the base UVM library may be different.


vsim Message # 8786:
Optimized gate-level cells do not support visibility to the loconn.
For this reason logging of a cell port is done on the hiconn.  In the
case where interconnect delays are implemented using the IEEE 1364-2000 style,
the values will not be identical in time.


vsim Message # 8787:
It is an error if the L parameter (of type LINE) in a call to a
NUMERIC_STD HREAD or OREAD procedure contains a value that is
larger than what the supplied STD_ULOGIC_VECTOR can hold.


vsim Message # 8788:
This could happen because of incorrect path mentioned on command line
or because other instance of vsim is using the database.


vsim Message # 8789:
There was an error attempting to create the enhanced visibility signal.


vsim Message # 8790:
There was an error attempting to create the enhanced visibility signal.


vsim Message # 8791:
There was an error attempting to create the enhanced visibility signal because
one or more of the dependencies was unable to be logged.


vsim Message # 8792:
There was an error attempting to create the enhanced visibility signal because
one or more of the dependencies was unable to be found or does not exist.


vsim Message # 8793:
A memory allocation error prevented the enhanced visibility signal from being visible.


vsim Message # 8794:
This feature is not yet implemented for enhanced visibility signals.


vsim Message # 8795:
An internal inconsistency was detected in an enhanced visibility signal. The signal and
any other dependent signal will not be simulated to maintain simulation correctness.


vsim Message # 8797:
Interface classes are abstract types and are not permitted
to be constructed.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 8.25.4]


vsim Message # 8798:
Interface classes are only permitted to extend other interface classes.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 8.25.2]


vsim Message # 8799:
Classes may only extend other classes.  Classes
are only permitted to implement interface classes.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 8.25.2]


vsim Message # 8800:
Please check the number of wildcard bits specified in the wildcard bin mentioned in the
error message. The warning threshold setting can be changed by changing the value of
modelsim.ini variable SVCoverpointWildCardBinValueSizeWarn.


vsim Message # 8801:
The profiler relies on the operating system to map addresses to function names.
In this case, it was unable to obtain a mapping for more than 20% of the total
samples.  If these are uniformally distributed it will not affect the report since
the execution was statistically sampled.  If the missed mappings are clustered,
the report may have holes that will affect the actual improvements a user might
gain from re-writing HDL code.  There is nothing the user can do about it except
be aware of the skew and consider trying a different operating system version.


vsim Message # 8802:
A class that implements multiple interfaces or an interface class which
extends multiple base interface classes, must override every method
definition that is defined in two distinct base classes.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8803:
Partition found a net with net-delay at the boundary.
It is currently not supported. Try to re-partition designs
to avoid such scenario.


vsim Message # 8804:
A task that has delay or calls a DPI task can not be called in a function.
In case of virtual tasks, if any of the derived classes
have delay in the same task, then also it is not allowed
to call that task in a function.


vsim Message # 8805:
A task can not be called in a function.
Non-blocking tasks can be called in functions when
-pedanticerrors switch is not used.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8806:
Tasks can not be called in functions as per LRM.
The -pedanticerrors switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8807:
If an interface class extends more than one base interface class
and there are multiple visible definitions for a given name, the
extending class must define the name.


vsim Message # 8808:
The name may be defined as a non-virtual method or other type.
The implementing class must define the name as a virtual method
compatible with the prototypes defined by the interface classes
that are being implemented.


vsim Message # 8809:
A task that has delay can not be called in a final procedure.
In case of virtual tasks, if any of the derived classes
have delay in the same task, then also it is not allowed
to call that task in a final procedure.


vsim Message # 8810:
A task can not be called in a final procedure.
Non-blocking tasks can be called in final procedures when
-pedanticerrors switch is not used.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8811:
Tasks can not be called in final procedure as per LRM.
The -pedanticerrors switch disables this extension.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8812:
Interface class parameters, types, and enum constants are only
accessible using a class select (::) reference.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8813:
Some of the new SVA operators in 1800-2009 LRM are currently
not supported in a recursive property.


vsim Message # 8815:
A function returning a virtual interface should be invoked using empty parentheses
when used in a function chained call.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8816:
We do not allow a function call in the actual argument of a chained function call
that returns a virtual interface.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8817:
This input port resides on an optimized verilog cell. It was either unconnected in the
original design itself or became unconnected due to optimizations. In the latter case,
you may preserve the original connectivity by specifying +acc=u+<modName>. However,
since the simulation behavior will be identical in both cases, from a performance point
of view, it is advantageous to allow the default behavior.


vsim Message # 8818:
The "-uvm=" switch that was unofficially supported in 10.0 has been changed to "-uvmcontrol=".


vsim Message # 8819:
A record object was declared with a subelement that is not fully
constrained.  This means that the record subtype contains an array
subtype that is not fully constrained.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 5.3.2.2 Index constraints and discrete ranges
  The index range for each index of an array object or array
  subelement of a composite object is determined as follows:
  For a variable or signal ..., the subtype indication of the
  corresponding object declaration shall define a fully constrained
  subtype (and thereby, the index range for each index of the array
  object or subelement).


vsim Message # 8820:
In the VHDL langauge input ports cannot be driven in that design unit.
This restiction is relaxed if the port is unconnected or all of the
following conditions are true.
  1) Connection does not across a langauge boundary.
  2) No type conversion, conversion function is present in the port assocaition list.
  3) Port is not on the boundary of a power domain.
  4) Port map has subelement associations and could not be done with by association in full.
IEEE Std 1076-2008, 14.7.3 Propagation of signal values.


vsim Message # 8821:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8822:
The specified VHDL port is not connected from Verilog instantiation.
  A port of mode IN may be unconnected or unassociated
  only if its declaration includes a default expression.
  A port of any mode other than IN may be unconnected or unassociated
  as long as its type is not an unconstrained array type.


vsim Message # 8823:
Please check the QuestaSim User's Manual for the detailed requirements on
the usage of this option.


vsim Message # 8824:
An internal inconsistency was detected in an enhanced visibility signal. The signal and
any other dependent signal will not be simulated to maintain simulation correctness.


vsim Message # 8825:
This message is to acknowledge the handling of input UCDB specified via -cvgprecollect switch.


vsim Message # 8826:
This warning indicates two packages have the same name but are in different
libraries in different PDUs. It is not possible to determine if they are two
independent packages or two different versions of the same package. We assume
that they are different packages and therefore load both.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8827:
In VHDL designs packages from the same library but in different PDUs can either
be shared or separate. This behavior is controlled by the vsim switches
-vhdlmergepdupackage and -vhdlseparatepdupackage or the modelsim.ini file setting.


vsim Message # 8828:
It is a fatal error to have duplicate covergroup instance names. The
downstream coverage toolcan not preserve or analyze the coverage data as
a result. Please use predefined coverage method set_inst_name() to set a
unique name for Covergroup instance in order to avoid this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8829:
The boolean expression in assertions does not allow a function that
has output, inout or ref argument. Only input and const ref arguments
are allowed.


vsim Message # 8830:
The -debugdbforce option requires a valid debug database.


vsim Message # 8831:
The -debugdbforce and -debugdbreuse options are incompatible with each other.


vsim Message # 8832:
This message acknowledges that current schematic was drawn using data from -debugdbforce option.


vsim Message # 8833:
'run' commands for all the partitions must be issued at the same simulation timestep
and the commands should match along with their simulation timestep.


vsim Message # 8834:
If design partition violates the assumptions made by specified optimization option,
it will result in this error. You can either disable that option or re-partition the
design in a way that satisfy the assumptions.


vsim Message # 8835:
SDF annotation of timing objects that involve wreal ports is not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8836:
If formal is of class type then the actual must be assignable to the formal.


vsim Message # 8837:
The specified object name was incorrectly used as block event target.


vsim Message # 8838:
The specified argument to the specified system task must be a reference
to a class object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8839:
By default PA vopt generates information compatible for vopt based simulation only.


vsim Message # 8840:
Reported sync controls will be used for parallel simulation.


vsim Message # 8841:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8842:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8843:
A SystemVerilog value parameter may be passed only a value, not a type.


vsim Message # 8844:
The specified signal or variable cannot be logged in the EZwave .wdb waveform
file of displayed in the EZwave viewer. You must use the Questa .wlf waveform
file and the Questa waveform viewer. Open the Questa viewer in Questa ADMS
using the following command: "view wave -questa". Then subsequent "add wave"
commands will use the Questa waveform file and the Questa viewer.


vsim Message # 8845:
Power Aware simulation is not supported in '-novopt' flow.


vsim Message # 8846:
All debug features are controlled through vopt and only fine control would be
available through vsim.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8847:
If an entity that is bound to a component through a default binding has an
interface package in its generic list, but the component declaration does not
contain the interface package declaration, no default package will be posted
for the interface package. To resolve this error, the component declaration
should be revised to contain the description of the interface package, or
the entity should be revised to remove the interface package, or direct
instantiation of the entity should be used.
When the entity is a top-level design unit, its generic list must not
contain an interface package because it is impossible to associate an
actual package with it.


vsim Message # 8848:
If an entity that is bound to a component through a default binding has an
interface subprogram in its generic list, but the component declaration does not
contain the interface subprogram declaration, no default subprogram will be posted
for the interface subprogram. To resolve this error, the component declaration
should be revised to contain the description of the interface subprogram, or
the entity should be revised to remove the interface subprogram, or direct
instantiation of the entity should be used.
When the entity is a top-level design unit, its generic list must not
contain an interface subprogram because it is impossible to associate an
actual subprogram with it.


vsim Message # 8849:
If an entity that is bound to a component through default binding has an
interface type in its generic list, but the component declaration does not
contain the interface type declaration, no default subtype will be posted
for the interface type. To resolve this error, the component declaration
should be revised to contain the description of the interface type, or
the entity should be revised to remove the interface type, or direct
instantiation of the entity should be used.
When the entity is a top-level design unit, its generic list must not
contain an interface type because it is impossible to associate an
actual (sub)type with it.


vsim Message # 8850:
The -feccountlimit option controls the maximum number of counts
that are tracked by FEC coverage. Once this limit is reached on a
bin, further tracking of the input patterns linked to it is ignored.


vsim Message # 8851:
The -udpcountlimit option controls the maximum number of counts
that are tracked by UDP coverage. Once this limit is reached on a
bin, further tracking of the input patterns linked to it is ignored.


vsim Message # 8852:
Hierarchical references into unnamed generates are not allowed as per LRM.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8853:
Check the command line and the path of the UCDB file given to -cvgprecollect switch.


vsim Message # 8854:
The covergroup set expression must be of type unpacked array of elements that are
assignment compatiable with coverpoint expression type.


vsim Message # 8855:
The covergroup with expression will be evaluated at the time of construction. Check
whether the with expression has been specified correctly.


vsim Message # 8856:
The covergroup set expression will be evaluated at the time of construction. Check
whether the set expression has been specified correctly.


vsim Message # 8857:
All of the values may have been dropped because of the specification of ignore/illegal bins
and/or the evaluation result of with/set expression mentioned in the message.


vsim Message # 8858:
All of the values may have been dropped because of the specification of ignore/illegal bins
and/or the evaluation result of with/set expression mentioned in the message.


vsim Message # 8859:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8860:
The '-autoprofile' switch to vsim has caused performance profiling to
be enabled for this simulation session.  If you have no need for this
profile information, it is recommended that you turn it off.


vsim Message # 8861:
Unable to enable performance profiling for this session.


vsim Message # 8862:
Certain commands are prohibited during auto profiling to guarantee
consistent results.  If you wish greater control of profiling
invoke it using the 'profile on' command.


vsim Message # 8863:
Autoprofiling cannot be used with memory profiling
Remove the -memprof switch to allow autoprofiling.


vsim Message # 8864:
Only one autoprofile directive (-autoprofile switch) can be used.
The second and subsequent directives are ignored.


vsim Message # 8865:
LD_PRELOAD is used by the memory profiler if -memoryinterposer is specified.
If LD_PRELOAD is already in use, the memory interposer cannot be used.


vsim Message # 8866:
This message indicates that the cover group is either created then
 destroyed or it will be instantiated in a future simulation time.


vsim Message # 8867:
The UVM-aware debugging capabilities of the simulator have been disabled because
'questa_uvm_pkg' is being imported inside a design-unit bound using the SV bind construct.
This is a temporary limitation that will be removed in future releases. While this limitation
exists, to enable UVM-aware debugging capabilities, please also import 'questa_uvm_pkg' somewhere
outside the bound design-unit.


vsim Message # 8868:
An object declared within a VHDL process cannot be denoted via an
external name.  Only an object declared directly within an Architecture,
a Block (including a Generate Block), an Entity, or a Package can be
denoted by an external name.  See the syntax for "pathname_element" in
the LRM:  "process_label" is not listed.  Also, this is not supported
in a mixed-language situation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]


vsim Message # 8869:
This error is the results of using an uninitialized object handle,
Try using the tb command or view the callstack window to see where
the error occurred.  Look for handles with a null value.


vsim Message # 8870:
The stream name that was passed, combined with the region in which it
was asked to be created, resolved to a stream being created in the root.
This request is not legal and hence led to it being ignored.


vsim Message # 8871:
The value given for the -scstacksize argument is invalid.
The stack size is set as an integer number followed by the unit, which
can be one of Kb(Kilo-byte), Mb(Mega-byte), or Gb(Giga-byte).


vsim Message # 8872:
The 64-bit Windows platform does not support association of profile samples
with design locations.  Therefore the following commands are not available:
  profile report -structural
  profile report -du
  profile report -functoinst
  profile report -instofdef
The Structural and Design Units profile windows are not available either.
Calltree and ranked profile reports and windows are available, however.


vsim Message # 8873:
Only those clocking block input variables that have 1step sampling can
be used in assertions.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8874:
Postponed processes are run after all signal updates within a timestep. Therefore no
addition signal updates are allowed to happen after they are executed.
This error can be suppressed or changed to a warning.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 LRM - Simulation cyle 14.7.5.3]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8875:
Postponed processes only run once at the end of the time step.
Waiting for 0 ns causes the process to be run again which is an error.
This error can be suppressed or changed to a warning.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 LRM - Simulation cyle 14.7.5.3]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8876:
An optimization involving virtual interface elements cannot be done
with a flow where vopt is run separately on different design units.


vsim Message # 8877:
LRM : It is illegal for the type of simulated net at the end of elaboration to be an interconnect.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8878:
'profileui open' is not supported; use 'profile open' instead.


vsim Message # 8879:
This error can occur if :
(1)The option '-pa' is not provided in vsim but one of the optimized design unit
is generated using '-pa_upf' vopt option.
(2)The option '-pa' is provided in vsim but none of the optimized design unit
is generated using '-pa_upf' vopt option.


vsim Message # 8880:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8881:
Xprop Assertion is disabled if its fail count reach the specified limit (default 5).
To change the limit use 'xprop assertlimit <n>'.


vsim Message # 8882:
Sampling for covergroup items with zero option.weight is disabled internally, which
causes get_inst_coverage() or get_coverage() functions to always return 100.0.
User has few options to deal with this scenario:
    1) Rerun simulation with vsim option -nocvgzwopt to turn off the optimization
    2) If return value of 100.0 is acceptable, then suppress this error and continue with simulation
    3) Set non-zero weight to this covergroup item in the design
    4) Remove get_inst_coverage()/get_coverage() calls on this covergroup item


vsim Message # 8883:
A task that has delay can not be called in a final assertion action block.
In case of virtual tasks, if any of the derived classes
have delay in the same task, then also it is not allowed
to call that task in a final assertion action block.
Final assertion action blocks are executed in Postponed region
and it is not legal to execute tasks with delay in that region.


vsim Message # 8884:
An output port is connected to a reg or illegal lvalue. This is an error in verilog.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1364-2001 Verilog LRM - 12.3.9 Port connection rules]
In system verilog, this error may occur when illegal lvalue is connected to out port.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8885:
Only nets can be connected to inout ports.
A variable data type is not permitted on either side of an inout port.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - 23.3.3.2 Port connection rules for variables]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8886:
Unless there is only one possible port actual, a virtual interface
element cannot include an interface port or a variable whose type
depends on an interface port.


vsim Message # 8887:
An interface used as a virtual interface may not have interface ports
or external references.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 8888:
An event was attempted to be scheduled with a negative delay.  Since a negative delay
cannot be simulated, it is set to zero, and the event is then scheduled.


vsim Message # 8889:
An event was attempted to be scheduled at an absolute time that is sooner than the
current simulation timestep (i.e "now").  Since times sooner than "now" cannot be
simulated, the value of the scheduled time is changed to the current timestep, and the
event is then scheduled.


vsim Message # 8890:
An event was attempted to be scheduled at a time in the future that exceeds the given
maximum simulation timestep. Since it cannot be simulated, it is set to zero, and event
is immediately scheduled.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 8891:
-novopt option is now deprecated. -novopt causes simulation to run very slow and is
no longer a recommended option. Users should stop using this option. It will be
removed in future releases.


vsim Message # 8892:
Array traversals are allowed for only those associative arrays with wildcard indices
whose indices are within the longint range .


vsim Message # 8893:
Array manipulator methods are allowed for only those associative arrays with wildcard indices
 whose indices are within the longint range .


vsim Message # 8894:
When an interface port is used to determine parameter values, the
actual interface used in the port connection may not be an
element of an arrayed instance or exist below a generate construct.


vsim Message # 8895:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 8896:
Performance and memory profiling cannot be done simultaneously.
Running the two modes together can produce skewed results.


vsim Message # 8897:
It is recommended that performance and memory profiling not be done simultaneously.
Running the two modes together can produce skewed results.


vsim Message # 8898:
An actual with the specified name was not found in bind's target scope and
vsim created an implicit wire to complete the connection in accordance with
the SystemVerilog LRM. This could be the expected behaviour of the design.
However, if this is the case of loading multiple tops in vsim, and the bind
statement and its target scope are in different tops, a possible reason the
actual was not found is that it could have been optimized away by vopt. In
this case, use +acc=nr+/path/to/signal option in vopt to preserve the actual
from getting optimized away as creating an implicit wire connection could lead
to undesired behaviour. Please be aware that indiscriminate use of +acc in vopt
will slow down simulation substantially


vsim Message # 8899:
The specified system file contains data indicating the Linux kernel feature called
"transparent huge pages" is in an unexpected format on this system.  Please report
the contents of this file, as well as the specific version of Linux you are running
to http://supportnet.mentor.com.


vsim Message # 8900:
Either design-database is being created for first time or re-use check failed for design.


power-aware Message # 8901:
During simulation, this check helps catch conditions when the power signal to any
power domain gets corrupted.
For UPF, this check is applicable to control ports of a switch, isolation enable signal
of an isolation strategy, retention save and restore signals of a retention strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8902:
This check identifies when each power domain is switched on or off.


power-aware Message # 8903:
There were retention signals mapped to the power domain.
However, these signals were not asserted when the power was switched off.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8904:
There was an error in the sequence of triggering of the retention and power signal.
For retention to succeed, the power should be high.
However, this check is triggered when that is not the case.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8905:
Certain Power Aware models require that the clock/latch enable must be at a certain value
when retention takes place. These checks display error when this condition is not satisfied.
If latch is enabled and can change its value, triggering retention can potentially cause race
in the stored value. This is also a check against such conditions.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8906:
Some Power Aware models require that the clock not toggle when retention is active. This
check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8907:
Power Aware dynamic toggle check assertion failed. Input to the power domain toggled when
the power domain was in reverse bias (CORRUPT_ON_ACTIVITY,CORRUPT_STATE_ON_CHANGE etc...) state.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8908:
Power Aware dynamic toggle check assertion failed. Input to the power domain toggled
when the power domain was in CORRUPT state.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8909:
Some isolation strategies require that another reset signal be used to freeze the value
of isolation. This check ensures that the isolated value is the same at posedge of reset
and at posedge of isolation enable signal.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8910:
In some cases it is desired that value on isolated port remains stable when its control
signal is activated. This particular check highlights the cases when control of an
isolation strategy is activated and that results in change in value on isolated port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8912:
1) Asynchronous(set/reset) control for the specified flop(s) in the specified  power domain
is not asserted within configured/default time-units after power up.
2) Asynchronous(set/reset) control for the specified flop(s) in the specified  power domain
is deasserted before configured/default time-units after being asserted.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8913:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8914:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8915:
It is an error if there is voltage difference between
operating voltages of driving and sink domain as well,
level shifter is not specified on the domain boundary between
HighConn, LowConn side of source and HighConn, LowConn side of sink domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8916:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8917:
It is an error for an inserted level shifter in a power domain crossing,
if the required level shifter rule is different
than the rule specified in set_level_shifter command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8918:
This check detects conditions where the isolation signal is not enabled
when the power to a power domain goes down.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8919:
This check is triggered when the isolation signal is disabled during power
shut off period of a power domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8920:
Catches switching off of retention/isolation supplies during active
retention/isolation period.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8921:
Power Aware dynamic glitch check assertion failed, a glitch was found on
control signal with window less than minimum specified window.
Glitch window can be specified by "pa msg [-glitch_window <duration>]",
if not specified then default glitch window is taken as 0.


power-aware Message # 8922:
A particular observed signal toggled more than it's togglelimit during
a power aware activity.The check will be disabled for any subsequent toggling.
To change the limit use -pa_togglelimit=<n>.


power-aware Message # 8923:
The preoptimized design unit can not be loaded in '-novopt' power aware simulation.
Re-run UPF processing vopt without -pa_defertop or -o option.


power-aware Message # 8924:
Use -pa_maxsize option to reset the size limit for corruption.


power-aware Message # 8925:
The following hdl port was driven from a UPF supply net
so the existing actual connections are removed and the
drivers from UPF side will be applied.


power-aware Message # 8927:
It is an error if more than one output driving the supply net is ON at the same time.
[DOC: UPF LRM-1.0, 5.1.5 Supply net resolution]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8928:
It is an error if more than one output driving the supply net is ON at the same time
 and these outputs are driving different voltages.
[DOC: UPF LRM-1.0, 5.1.5 Supply net resolution]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8929:
It is an error if for a source to sink path,
driving domain is relatively OFF wrt sink domain
and isolation cell is not specified for that path.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8930:
When isolation is applied the value on isolated port(s) should be clamped
to value specified in UPF file. This check ensures that the value on
isolated port is same as clamp value specified by isolation stratgey
in UPF file on that port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8931:
During non-isolation period the value on isolated port(s) should be same as
un-isolated value. This check ensures that the value on isolated port is
same as un-isolated value on that port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8932:
Supply expression and logic expression of a power state are  not equal.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8933:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8934:
This check detects redundant activity on isolation control signal.
It ensures that between isolation activation and de-activation
its driving power domain is in OFF/corrupt_on_activity/
corrupt_state_on_activity/corrupt_state_on_change simstate and
receiving power domain is ON.


power-aware Message # 8935:
[UPF v2.0 Section 6.26]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8936:
In some cases it is desired that value on isolated port remains stable when its control
signal is de-activated. This particular check highlights the cases when control of an
isolation strategy is de-activated and that results in change in value on isolated port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8937:
It is an error if any of async controls or clk is not active low during retention period.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8938:
During simulation, this check helps catch conditions when clk, set or reset signal
gets corrupted.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8939:
During isolation period output of isolation should be hold at clamp value, it should not toggle
to any other value.This check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8940:
A NULL pointer handle is passed to the API. A valid PA handle is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8941:
A NULL pointer handle is passed to the API. A valid PA handle is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8942:
A NULL Function pointer is passed to the API. A valid Function pointer is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8943:
A Null value is passed as a supply data to the API. A valid supply data value is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8944:
User Retention Model does not have RETPWR port.


power-aware Message # 8945:
The isolation -clamp_value is not supported for this type.


power-aware Message # 8946:
Power aware gate level simulation runs only in vopt mode.
Options related to -novopt mode will be ignored.
Running in -novopt mode could have been specified by following ways :
1. modelsim.ini file.
2. -novopt switch in vsim options.


power-aware Message # 8947:
It is an error if more than one -on_state or -on_partial_state of a power switch
with respective input ports driven by different root supply driver evaluates to true
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, Section : 6.20 create_power_switch]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8948:
Power aware Mixed (RTL+Gate) level simulation runs only in vopt mode.
-novopt mode could have been specified by following ways :
1. modelsim.ini file.
2. -novopt switch in vsim options.


power-aware Message # 8949:
The directory path specified is not valid.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8950:
Power Aware report(s)/testplan not generated. It may be because of following reason(s)
1. Options to generate report not specified during vopt run
2. Insufficient data to generate report
3. Some error occurred during report generation


power-aware Message # 8951:
It is no longer required to explicitly specify -pa_gls option in vsim.
Instead you need to specify -pa option.


power-aware Message # 8952:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8953:
Retention condition should hold true at retention start.
This check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8954:
Retention condition should hold true at retention end.
This check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8955:
Retention condition should not toggle during the retention period.
This check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8956:
This check detects conditions where the isolation signal is not enabled when
the power domain goes in bias (CORRUPT_ON_ACTIVITY, CORRUPT_STATE_ON_CHANGE etc..) state.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8957:
This check is triggered when the isolation signal is disabled during bias
(CORRUPT_ON_ACTIVITY, CORRUPT_STATE_ON_CHANGE etc..) state of a power domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8958:
[UPF v2.1 Section 6.40]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8959:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8960:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8961:
Retained value should be same as saved value.
This check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8962:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8963:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8964:
It is an error if a state change occur before the power switch on state delay expire.
attribute qpa_power_switch_on_delay is set to delay the on state of the power switch
and another state change is received before that delay

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8965:
Due to UPF attribute 'voltage_based_supply_on' a voltage value of '0.0'
would be treated as OFF


power-aware Message # 8966:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8967:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8968:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8969:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8970:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8971:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8972:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8973:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8974:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8975:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8980:
This check identifies in which state each power domain started.


power-aware Message # 8981:
This check identifies in which state/voltage primary power/ground net of each power domain started.


power-aware Message # 8982:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 8983:
This check identifies in which state/voltage input/output supply of a switch started.


power-aware Message # 8984:
This check identifies toggling os state/voltage of input/output supply of a switch.


power-aware Message # 8991:
Current Design State of PST


power-aware Message # 8992:
The specified object could not be found in the design or UPF.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8993:
Assert Mutex check failed.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 8994:
It shall be an error if assertions are controlled through both
'assertion enable -force/release' and UPF command 'sim_assertion_control'.
If both are specified, assertions will be controlled through
UPF command sim_assertion_control.


power-aware Message # 8995:
Some Power Aware models require that the clock not toggle when retention is active. This
check helps in monitoring this condition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9001:
This construct is not supported for pseudo synthesis yet.
 Process containing this construct will be ignored, and synthesis will proceed.


power-aware Message # 9002:
This construct is not synthesizable.


power-aware Message # 9003:
This declaration is not synthesizable.


power-aware Message # 9004:
Could open file to write out power aware hierarchy information.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9005:
Some fatal errors encountered during processing of the current Concurrent
Statement prevent further processing of the Current Concurrent Statement.


power-aware Message # 9006:
Some fatal errors encountered during processing of the current module
which prevent further processing.


power-aware Message # 9007:
Some fatal errors encountered during processing of the current module
which prevent further processing.


power-aware Message # 9008:
set_isolation or set_level_shifter or set_repeater or set_retention strategy is not honored
if simstate behavior is DISABLE or PORT_CORR_ONLY in port instance or
UPF_dont_touch attribute is present in the port or it's instance.
Use vopt option -pa_enable=cellonsimdisable to allow set_isolation or
set_level_shifter or set_repeater for such cases.
Use vopt option -pa_upfsimstate=ret to allow set_retention for such cases.


power-aware Message # 9009:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9010:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9011:
Use -pa_maxstatecount to reset the count limit.


power-aware Message # 9012:
Use -pa_maxmemsize option to reset the size limit for corruption.


power-aware Message # 9013:
The state specified in the power state table was not added using UPF command add_port_state,
on the corresponding supply port/net or on its connected ports/nets.


power-aware Message # 9014:
A design name must be specified to vopt with the -pa_defertop switch.


power-aware Message # 9015:
It is not recommended to use -pa_enable=10.1_reporting
as it will be deprecated in future releases.
Please use the new vsim CLI command "pa report" to generate the reports.


power-aware Message # 9016:
A design name must be specified to vopt with the -pa_defertop switch.


power-aware Message # 9017:
It is not recommended to use -pa_upfcontmode as it will be deprecated.
Please use the new switch -pa_enable=upfsanitychecks.


power-aware Message # 9018:
The PA messages are suppressed from vopt logfile after they exceed the limit,
but they are still available in '<reportDir>/msg.vopt.log'.
Use the option '-pa_enable=fullmsglimit' to unsuppress the messages from vopt log.


power-aware Message # 9019:
The declaration of the signal is at different scope than it's usage in process block.
UPF signal lookup based on it's usage/process block is only
allowed under -pa_upfextensions=searchinprocess.


power-aware Message # 9020:
Equivalent nets should either drive power of some strategy or ground but should not mix both.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9021:
'set_partial_on_translation' command causes translation of PARTIAL_ON state
while evaluating the power states. In case of explicit PARTIAL_ON state, we disable the
translation to avoid the object to be in two or more power states at the same time.Therefore,
ignoring PARTIAL_ON translation while evaluating power states added on supply_set/power_domain.


power-aware Message # 9022:
This warning helps to flag functional failures when a port is left undriven.


power-aware Message # 9023:
Multiple resolved nets with different Resolution functions cannot be connected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9024:
The cell is assumed to be a dash instance of UPF strategy and
its port corruption would happen based on strategy power.


power-aware Message # 9025:
Supply set handle defined for a strategy or a power switch cannot be associated with more
than one supply set.
[UPF LRM 1801_2015 section 6.10]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9026:
[UPF LRM 1801_2015 section 6.7].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9027:
[UPF LRM 1801_2015 section 6.7].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9028:
UPF command with reference to signals/instances of a black-boxed(dummy) module will be ignored.


power-aware Message # 9029:
UPF processing stopped because of above error(s).
Please correct these errors before proceeding.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9030:
This retention signal is not detected as a latch or flop by QuestaSim.


power-aware Message # 9031:
Behavioral Sequential are those always blocks which has edge sensitivity and non-synthesizable.
To enable corruption for such always blocks use the option -pa_enable=behaveseqcrpt


power-aware Message # 9032:
Tool will not dump driver for the Power switch ack ports which already have HDL drivers

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9033:
Liberty attributes 'related_power_pin' are required for level_shifter data pin and output pin to
identify an ELS cell's input and output supply pins for implicit tool connections.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9034:
output supply of an ELS cell is expected to be same or equivalent to the isolation supply set
/input supply for a COMBO cell is expected to be same or equivalent to the isolation supply set.
/strategy supply is expected to be same as the domain supply for std_cell_main_rail pin


power-aware Message # 9035:
An els instance is expected to match with both isolation and level-shifter strategies.


power-aware Message # 9036:
related_power_pin of input and ouptput should be different for an els/level-shifter cell.


power-aware Message # 9037:
For ELS/Level-shifter cells implicit connection both source and sink supplies are required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9038:
An ELS/Level-shifter cell is expected to have only one source and one sink supply.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9039:
This option has been made default and will be deleted in next release.


power-aware Message # 9040:
This option has been deleted. Please update the run scripts.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9041:
This option has been modified. Please use the updated option.


power-aware Message # 9042:
Named transitions among user-defined states of Power Switch are not supported.


power-aware Message # 9043:
report.upf.txt and report.mspa.txt are replaced by report.pa.txt and report.de.txt respectively.


power-aware Message # 9044:
[DOC: Section 6.43 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9045:
The -elements expect simple port name of -models argument for the set_design_attributes command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9046:
[UPF LRM 1801_2015 section 6.7].


power-aware Message # 9047:
pg_type Internal power/ground are not expected in an ELS/LS cell.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9048:
Combo cells (iso-ls) can only be sink side cells. Combo cells can not be of type source side.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9049:
related_power_pin for multiple enable pins are expected to be same for ELS/LS cells.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9050:
attribute 'std_main_rail_cell' is expected for primary power pin only.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9051:
Incorrect type of cell being mapped. Cell will be treated as of appropriate type.


power-aware Message # 9052:
The -clamp_value, -isolation_signal, -isolation_sense and -isolation_supply options
are each specified as a single value or a list. If any of these options specify a list,
then all lists specified for these options shall be of the same length and any
single value specified is treated as a list of values of the same length.


power-aware Message # 9053:
Isolation supple set of a 3 PG pin COMBO cell is expected to be different than the primary
supply of the source and the sink domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9054:
If a register is selected for disable corruption and is also included in a
retention strategy, the disable corruption will be ignored with a warning.


power-aware Message # 9055:
Initial block is not reevaluated during power up due to presence of certain SV constructs
in it. e.g. new() covergroups, finish(), forever, wait, disable fork, wait fork,
randsequence, disable, break, continue, return.


power-aware Message # 9056:
UPF LRM IEEE 1801-2018 section 6.48.
It shall be an error if attribute UPF_driver_supply or UPF_receiver_supply is specifed for a
macro port that also has the attribute UPF_unconnected associated with it.
It shall be an error if attribute UPF_driver_supply or UPF_receiver_supply is specifed for a
macro port that also has the attribute UPF_unconnected associated with it.


power-aware Message # 9057:
Checker module having Information Model objects in port list will
not be instantiated inside vhdl enitity using bind_checker.


power-aware Message # 9100:
The operators are converted to make it synthesizable.


power-aware Message # 9101:
The select bit is out of the specified range.


power-aware Message # 9102:
Replication expression has non-positive multiplier.


power-aware Message # 9103:
Parameter should have constant value after elaboration.


power-aware Message # 9104:
Processing the value of implicit wire.


power-aware Message # 9105:
This style of clocking is not synthesizable.


power-aware Message # 9106:
This type of expr could not be handled during clock detection.


power-aware Message # 9107:
Some errors encountered during pre processing.
This prevent processing of the Current Concurrent Statement.
Continuing with the next statement.


power-aware Message # 9108:
This case match is redundant according to full_case-parallel_case auto
detection. Removing that.


power-aware Message # 9109:
This case statement has been detected as full_case/parallel_case by
full_case-parallel_case auto detection.


power-aware Message # 9110:
This case statement has been detected as not a full_case/parallel_case by
full_case-parallel_case auto detection. However this conflicts with the
user's full_case-parallel_case pragma.


power-aware Message # 9111:
The size of the declaration is very big (> 10000). Could not process the declaration.


power-aware Message # 9112:
Comparison with Const vals 1 and 0 are allowed.


power-aware Message # 9113:
This design-unit has non-synthesizable construct(s).
Please check if it needs to be excluded via UPF_DONT_TOUCH attribute.


power-aware Message # 9114:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9115:
Disable statement, disabling scope outside the scope of the disable
statement is not supported.


power-aware Message # 9116:
Unable to Calculate size from type of expression or declaration.


power-aware Message # 9117:
Inter-assignment delay is not synthesizable and thus ignored.


power-aware Message # 9118:
Currently we support only for Verilog/VHDL modules. We do not support SV
modules. Continuing with the rest of the design.


power-aware Message # 9119:
Some unexpected error has been encountered. Skipping the current process.
 Process containing this construct will be ignored, and synthesis will proceed.


power-aware Message # 9120:
Some unexpected error has been encountered. Skipping the current process.
 Process containing this construct will be ignored, and synthesis will proceed.


power-aware Message # 9121:
Process containing this construct will be ignored, and synthesis will proceed.
Use -pa_maxloopsize to reset the loop limit.


power-aware Message # 9200:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9201:
This Process had unrecoverable errors. Ignoring this process.
Synthesis to proceed for other processes.


power-aware Message # 9202:
This Process had unrecoverable errors. Ignoring this process.
Synthesis to proceed for other processes.


power-aware Message # 9203:
This Process had unrecoverable errors. Ignoring this process.
Synthesis to proceed for other processes.


power-aware Message # 9204:
This Process had unrecoverable errors. Ignoring this process.
Synthesis to proceed for other processes.


power-aware Message # 9205:
This Process had unrecoverable errors. Ignoring this process.
Synthesis to proceed for other processes.


power-aware Message # 9206:
This Process had unrecoverable errors. Ignoring this process.
Synthesis to proceed for other processes.


power-aware Message # 9207:
Iff qualifiers with multiple events in case of pure Async block is unsupported.


power-aware Message # 9208:
Invalid value specified for attribute
qpa_attr_active_reset_duration/qpa_attr_inactive_reset_duration


power-aware Message # 9209:
Multiple -output_voltage specification for same state of power switch.


power-aware Message # 9300:
This constant has non-static initial value, hence its value
 can not be replaced in the expressions. So this constant is
 being treated as a variable object.


power-aware Message # 9301:
Type of Process
    ->Purely Synchronous
    ->Purely Asynchronous
    ->Mixture of Sync-Async


power-aware Message # 9302:
Non-synthesizable style.


power-aware Message # 9303:
Non-synthesizable style of wait statement.
Probably a testbench construct.


power-aware Message # 9304:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9305:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9306:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9307:
For a valid UPF ident first char must be an alphabet followed by underscore/alphanumeric chars.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9308:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9309:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9310:
Unsupported construct.


power-aware Message # 9311:
Signal assign statement with only one conditional waveform is supported.


power-aware Message # 9312:
Signal assign statement with only one conditional waveform is supported.


power-aware Message # 9313:
Comparisons with don't-cares.


power-aware Message # 9314:
Array lengths do not match in comparison operator.


power-aware Message # 9315:
Index is out of range.


power-aware Message # 9316:
Null range.


power-aware Message # 9317:
Only static slice indices are supported for pseudo-synthesis.


power-aware Message # 9318:
Unable to process. Could be non-rtl constructs or some limitation.


power-aware Message # 9319:
Cannot calculate the return size of an unconstrained function.


power-aware Message # 9320:
Non-static ranges.


power-aware Message # 9321:
Cannot evaluate left and right of a range.


power-aware Message # 9322:
Initial value of constant is not specified.


power-aware Message # 9323:
Unable to process type for the object.


power-aware Message # 9324:
All ports are inside synthesis off/on pragma.


power-aware Message # 9325:
Unable to process type for the object.


power-aware Message # 9326:
Unable to detect clock. Could be a non-synthesizable style.


power-aware Message # 9327:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9328:
The case statement is present inside synthesis_off/translate_off pragmas.
 The content under these pragmas are ignored for synthesis.


power-aware Message # 9329:
A static value of case choice is expected.


power-aware Message # 9330:
Array index values are limited to 32-bit integers. Computation of a
value has resulted in an overflow; that is, the value cannot be
contained in only 32 bits.


power-aware Message # 9331:
The result of the concatenation would have an array index range whose
right bound would not belong to the index subtype of the base type
of the array.


power-aware Message # 9332:
Empty function body.


power-aware Message # 9333:
Unable to process because of the stated problem.


power-aware Message # 9334:
Recursive functions are only supported for a certain number of recursive call.


power-aware Message # 9335:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9336:
Non-synthesizable clocking style.


power-aware Message # 9337:
Unable to calculate value for the for-loop index.


power-aware Message # 9338:
The dimension of both operands of a logical operator should be equal.


power-aware Message # 9339:
Non-synthesizable style of mixed wait statement.
Probably a testbench construct.


power-aware Message # 9340:
The query cmd specified is currently supported through -pa_queryfilename <file>.


power-aware Message # 9341:
Messages related to Power Aware staticisolation check
For domain crossing specified isolation is required and present,
however isolation supply is not valid (OFF when source is OFF and sink is ON).


power-aware Message # 9342:
Messages related to Power Aware staticisolation check
For domain crossing specified isolation is required and present,
however isolation supply is not analyzed (OFF when source is OFF and sink is ON).


power-aware Message # 9399:
[UPF LRM 1801_2015]


power-aware Message # 9400:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9401:
Evaluation of following operators are supported for integer
and enum types of bit or boolean types only.
    Relational operators
    Multiplication operators
    Logical operators
    Adding operators (+ and - )


power-aware Message # 9402:
Evaluation is supported for a few types of expressions.
    Infix, prefix expressions
    Integer or enum literals of type bit or boolean.


power-aware Message # 9403:
Either left, right or direction of the object or type cannot be
evaluated. It might be non-static or globally static range.


power-aware Message # 9404:
An integer divide, modulo, or remainder operation has a right operand
of zero, which is causing a divide by zero error.
This error is encountered during PA evaluation


power-aware Message # 9405:
Exponentiation with a negative exponent is allowed only for a left
operand of a floating point type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2002 VHDL LRM - 7.2.7 Miscellaneous operators]


power-aware Message # 9406:
The no. of function parameters in the function call
are not equal to the no. of parameters required for the pragma.


power-aware Message # 9407:
The return type of function is different from what
is expected for pragma.


power-aware Message # 9408:
The function parameters should have a sign  different from what
has been used.


power-aware Message # 9409:
Unexpected operands for processing of Pragma.


power-aware Message # 9410:
Some limitation has prevented the elaboration of the for/if
generate statement.


power-aware Message # 9411:
That causes burden on dfa.


power-aware Message # 9412:
It is an error if the direction of the discrete range of a slice name
is not the same as that of the index range of the array denoted by the
prefix of the slice name.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-1993 VHDL LRM - 6.5 Slice names]


power-aware Message # 9413:
Due to the presence of synthesis_off pragma the return statement is being
ignored.


power-aware Message # 9414:
PA cells will be inserted at self location for ports of root instance even
if parent location is specified in strategy.


power-aware Message # 9415:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9450:
Messages related to Power Aware level-shifter GLS check


power-aware Message # 9451:
Messages related to Power Aware level-shifter GLS check


power-aware Message # 9452:
Messages related to Power Aware isolation GLS check


power-aware Message # 9453:
Messages related to Power Aware retention GLS check


power-aware Message # 9454:
Messages related to Power Aware switch GLS check


power-aware Message # 9455:
Messages related to Power Aware Liberty cell GLS check


power-aware Message # 9456:
Messages related to Power Aware ELS GLS check


power-aware Message # 9457:
[ DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2018, Section : 6.45]
other-the isolation cell shall be placed in the parent domain (see 3.1) for an upper boundary port,
and in the child domain (see 3.1) for a lower boundary port. It shall be an error if an upper
boundary port is a port of a design top module,
or if a lower boundary port is a port of a leaf cell.
It shall be an error if the UPF power intent of an ancestor context contains a command that:
Inserts any power-management cell (e.g., isolation or level shifter) within the child side of the
terminal boundary (e.g., -location other).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9500:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9501:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9502:
A NULL pointer handle is passed to the API. A valid QPA handle is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9503:
An handle is passed to the API. A valid PA handle is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9504:
An handle is passed to the API. A valid PA handle is required.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9505:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9506:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9507:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9508:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9509:
All the PA information information has been cleaned and not available
for the APIs. You need to re-initialize the PA APIs in order to access
PA information.


power-aware Message # 9510:
Either invalid handle is passed for a given property or and invalid property
is passed for a given handle. Please make sure correct property handle pairs
are passed to the given API.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9511:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9512:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9513:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9514:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9515:
Anything after a backslash other than a newline is no longer a line continuation in Tcl.


power-aware Message # 9516:
Use option '-pa_disable = defaultoff' to power-on the Power Domains.


power-aware Message # 9517:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9518:
Any PA information model database which is not generated by 2019.1 or
later releases is incompatible with current version of QuestaSim.
Please regenerate the database.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9519:
PA information model cannot be dumped in a work directory.
Please use a different directory.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9521:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9547:
specified option of the UPF command is not used by the tool


power-aware Message # 9548:
parameters included in -parameters option of apply_power_model command
must be defined in the power model

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9549:
Instance-based attributes can be applied only on instance ports and Model-based on model ports.


power-aware Message # 9550:
apply_power_model command should refer to a previously defined power model.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9551:
apply_power_model instances must match with the
instance list of begin_power_model/define_power_model command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9552:
A power_model defined with begin_power_model should terminate with an
end_power_model command in the same file.


power-aware Message # 9553:
It shall be an error to specify variation for a supply object multiple times


power-aware Message # 9554:
Different varation specifications are given for electrically equivalant supplies


power-aware Message # 9555:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9556:
default supply net state attribute should not be set for more than one state for a supply port

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9557:
default supply net state attribute should be set on a defined state of a supply port

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9558:
An option has been ignored, as the tool no longer supports it.


power-aware Message # 9559:
power intent command of a macro should not be modified from outside its power model.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9560:
-supply_map/-port_map option of apply_power_model command should have exactly two arguments.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9561:
it is an error if apply_power_model is used more than once or combination
of apply_power_model and load_upf -scope is used for an instance.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9562:
Only one of the options : '%{str1}' or '%{str2}' can be used.


power-aware Message # 9563:
Enabling option 'qcustomrtl/qcustomgls' internally enables a set of options.


power-aware Message # 9564:
Disabling option 'qcustomset' is not supported.


power-aware Message # 9565:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9566:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9567:
if the supplies of a power switch cell are present in the model, and if no matching
UPF strategy is found for the switch then explicit connections are expected for such cells.


power-aware Message # 9568:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9569:
-pa_interactive is not supported for Windows.


power-aware Message # 9570:
Power state %{str1} on Supply set %{str2} has no simstate defined on it.
Default NORMAL simstate will be applied to it.


power-aware Message # 9580:
Assertions during power off will be forced disabled despite presence of assertion control tasks
in the design, if -pa_enable=forceasrtoffpwrdown switch is provided.


power-aware Message # 9581:
Messages related to Power Aware static back-to-back isolation check
For back to back placed isolation cells with same control and clamp signals,
single isolation cell is suggested.


power-aware Message # 9582:
Messages related to Power Aware static back-to-back isolation check


power-aware Message # 9583:
Messages related to Power Aware static clamp mismatch isolation check.
The clamp value differs between what is specified in set_isolation command
and what is specified as constraint with set_port_attributes command.


power-aware Message # 9584:
Messages related to Power Aware static clamp mismatch with reset value isolation check.
The clamp value differs between what is specified in set_isolation command
and reset value of DFF on which isolation is applied.


power-aware Message # 9585:
Clamp value is not specified for isolation strategy.
Ports with UPF_clamp_value attribute will have UPF_clamp_value as clamp value.
Rest of the ports will have '0' as default value for clamp.


power-aware Message # 9586:
Specified object does not exists.


power-aware Message # 9587:
An analog port can not appear in the elements list of a strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9588:
Both "UPF_is_analog" and "UPF_clamp_value" attribute specified on the same port.


power-aware Message # 9589:
An analog port cannot be connected to a port which is not an analog port.
Analog ports are identified on the basis of attribute is_analog.
[ DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2018, Section : 6.48.]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9590:
Analog Ports are excluded from any boundary strategy.


power-aware Message # 9591:
Invalid supply/logic expression specified.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9592:
Isolation won't be applied on internally isolated port.


power-aware Message # 9593:
Messages related to Power Aware static clamp match with reset value isolation check.
The clamp value is same between what is specified in set_isolation command
and reset value of DFF on which isolation is applied.


power-aware Message # 9594:
It shall be an error if UPF_literal_supply attribute is specified for an instance
port that is not driven by a literal constant.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9595:
Literal supply attribute is only applicable for instance ports and supported for upf
versions 3.0 and above. It is controlled through option -pa_upfversion=3.0 and above
or -pa_enable=literalsupply.


power-aware Message # 9596:
This is not a valid syntax. It may be because of the following reasons:
    1. It is not applicable to current UPF version.
    2. This syntax is not supported.


power-aware Message # 9597:
voltage range in supply expression is only applicable in UPF version 2.0/2.1.
From UPF 3.0,  only nominal (single)  voltage in supply_expr of add_power_state
is applicable. UPF command set_variation can be used to handle any variations
around this nominal value.


power-aware Message # 9598:
The particular object of the given path name doesn't exist in the specified region.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9599:
Invalid control expression specified.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9600:
The UPF file construct does not follow the expected UPF file syntax.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9601:
The retention element has some errors. Thus ignoring it.


power-aware Message # 9602:
The power element has some errors. Thus ignoring it.


power-aware Message # 9603:
Fatal error found while processing config file. Exiting power aware mode.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9604:
The same signal/process/instance has multiple rules producing ambiguity.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9605:
The same instance has multiple rules thus producing ambiguity.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9606:
To run in Power Aware mode we have to specify either -pa_out or -pa_all.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9607:
To run in power aware mode please specify one of them only.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9608:
To run in power aware mode it is a must to have a config file.


power-aware Message # 9609:
The power cell type do not correspond to those specified in PCF specification doc.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9610:
Unknown scope found.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9611:
Token required for valid syntax is not present.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9612:
Token required for valid syntax is not present.


power-aware Message # 9613:
This object was not found corresponding to the specified scope.


power-aware Message # 9614:
Hierarchical path specified is illegal and does not exist in design.


power-aware Message # 9615:
The same instance has multiple retention element specified.


power-aware Message # 9616:
Retention elements needs to be part of some power element to work correctly in PA mode.


power-aware Message # 9617:
Control signal path specified is illegal.


power-aware Message # 9618:
Power/Retention signal model should specify a signal path.
Power/Retention process model should specify process path.
It is illegal to specify any other path for process/signal model.
Thus could not process and hence ignoring.


power-aware Message # 9619:
Power/Retention instance model should specify an instance path.
Thus could not process and hence ignoring.


power-aware Message # 9620:
The module specified by instance path does not have any output ports.


power-aware Message # 9621:
No power control signal for retention element.


power-aware Message # 9622:
Conflicting Power control signals.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9623:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9624:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9625:
VERSION keyword-value pair must be the first keyword as this information
determines whether or not subsequent keywords are recognizable and supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9626:
Header statement is mandatory for PCF version 2.0 or later.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9627:
PCF version 2.0 or above supports this statement. It is not supported for lower version.


power-aware Message # 9628:
This PCF construct is a legal construct but is not supported in present release.


power-aware Message # 9629:
This variable identifier could not be expanded. Use Variable statement to
define this identifier before usage.


power-aware Message # 9630:
This Corruption Map  statement could not be handled.


power-aware Message # 9631:
Default Map with the present scope creates an ambiguity with another
default mapping within same context


power-aware Message # 9632:
EOF encountered before the end of line encountered. Check the statement termination.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9633:
The generate specified does not fall in the for-generate range.


power-aware Message # 9634:
Command line option has higher priority than what is specified in PCF file.


power-aware Message # 9635:
PowerAware is applicable only if the corruption extent is specified.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9636:
RETMEM model requires the region definition to be a signal.


power-aware Message # 9637:
Some error occurred in config file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9638:
PA rnm is not supported with -debugdb and -pa_disable=spawning.
Please contact http://supportnet.mentor.com if you are not
using these options and still getting this error.


power-aware Message # 9639:
The sampling check samples the output at posedge of
sampling signal and checks for it to be same when isolation is enabled.


power-aware Message # 9640:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9641:
The two drivers are equivalent.


power-aware Message # 9642:
The particular object doesn't exist in the specified region.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9643:
[connect_supply_net net_name -ports <port_name>]
port_name should have a pg_type attribute if it is a HDL port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9644:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9645:
Floated hierarchy is not supported in PA flow.


power-aware Message # 9648:
It is an error due to conflict between two connect_supply_net/connect_supply_set
commands with same precedence. The tool will honor the command that was specified later.
In case of conflict between 'connect_supply_net' and 'connect_supply_set'
command with same precedence, tool will honor 'connect_supply_net' command.
[UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2018, sec. 5.7.6]


power-aware Message # 9649:
It is an error due to conflict between two identical upf commands on the same object.
There was multiple use of same upf command on an element.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9650:
An invalid option was specified to the command that caused this message
to occur. The usage of the command should be displayed after the error
message.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9651:
The specified argument must accompany the specified option. The usage
of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9652:
There was a syntax error in the specified command. The usage
of the command should be displayed after the error message.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9653:
The following option requires only a single occurrence of the particular option.
The exact details can be determined by the usage displayed after the error message.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9654:
UPF processing stopped because of above error(s).
Please correct these errors before proceeding.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9655:
The particular object doesn't exist in the specified region.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9656:
Specified string doesn't refer to an instance.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference, Section 3.1.5]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9657:
Specified object already belongs to the extent of another power domain.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9658:
The option requires data to be provided in form of a tcl list in
the specified expected format.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9659:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9660:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9661:
Object of same name already exists in the design.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9662:
This message may arise in following scenarios:-
  1) An object is created in UPF and a same name object already exists in HDL
  2) Supply port is added on a HDL power switch through UPF command set_power_switch
     and a port with same name already exists in HDL model of power switch.
     Use vopt option -pa_upfextensions=nonameclash to convert this error to warning.
     In this case UPF supply net will be driven from UPF and not HDL.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9663:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9664:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9665:
The primary supplies for the power domain has not been specified. This will be treated as always on.
Please use relevant UPF commands to specify the primary supplies for the power domain.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9666:
Not a valid argument with this option.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9667:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9668:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9669:
Specified scope does not exist in the design. Old scope will get restored.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9670:
This message may arise in following scenarios:-
 1). A supply net that specifies an 'unresolved' resolution is connected
     to more than one supply source.
     [DOC: Section 5.1.5 UPFv1.0 & Section 6.22.1 UPFv2.0]
 2). A RTL port or net is multiply driven from UPF supply ports or nets.
 3). A Logic net is multiply driven by Logic Ports.
 4). A port is driven by multiple nets.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9671:
Unable to get any candidate port for this strategy.


power-aware Message # 9672:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9673:
The specified strategy can be applied on the port
only if its on the interface of extent of power domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9674:
The Strategy is ignored.
For upf_version 1.0, use 'set_isolation_control' or 'set_retention_control' to set the controls.
For upf_version 2.0, use 'set_isolation' or 'set_retention' to set the controls.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9675:
The following strategy does not have proper supplies associated with it.
Please use relevant UPF commands to specify the supplies for the strategy.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9676:
The mentioned object/strategy has some missing information as a result it is not
compatible for simulation. Please check earlier message for more details about missing information.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9677:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9678:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9679:
Specified Power Switch belongs to a power domain, which is itself controlled from this switch.


power-aware Message # 9680:
The option specified for the command is unsupported. This may result in
improper functioning of the command.


power-aware Message # 9681:
The isolation element has some errors. Thus ignoring it.


power-aware Message # 9682:
Isolation element can only be of port type or a design element.


power-aware Message # 9683:
This object was not found corresponding to the specified scope.


power-aware Message # 9684:
Specified object is explicitly an extent of another power domain.
Please remove the object from the extent of explicitly mentioned Power Domain.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9685:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9686:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9687:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9688:
The object referenced is not a supply net/port. It cannot be accessed directly as a supply net/port


power-aware Message # 9689:
Unable to make connection between port and net.
Connection criterion depends on the scope visibility of Port and Net.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9690:
Specified Object is not of supply net type.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9691:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9692:
Expression has some invalid syntax. Please correct and try again.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9693:
Power Aware simulation semantics are disabled for design elements
which are automatically or explicitly connected to supply net
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9694:
Power Domain exists for the sub-hierarchy for which PA semantics are already disabled
Please check previous messages for details.


power-aware Message # 9695:
The option specified for the command is unrecognizable.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9696:
The power domain specified by domains doesn't exist in current scope.
Ignoring this power domain and proceeding further.


power-aware Message # 9697:
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, Section : 4.6 Attributes and HDLs]


power-aware Message # 9698:
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, Section : 4.6 Attributes and HDLs]


power-aware Message # 9699:
The name of the design-unit specified with the -o option to vopt
is reserved for internal PA use.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9700:
This error may arise in following scenarios:-
1). Specified VCT does not have 1:1 conversion for each possible legal value.
2). Specified logic values in the table are not legal for the hdl typename specified
[DOC: Section 6.7 & 6.13 UPFv1.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9701:
Specified Value Conversion Table can not be used for the connection.
This warning may arise for following scenarios:-
1). Net is connected to a Port of supply_net_type.
2). Direction of specified VCT and dataflow does not match.
3). HDL typename in the VCT does not match with typename of specified HDL Port.
[DOC: Section 6.6 & 6.7 & 6.13 UPFv1.0]


power-aware Message # 9702:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9703:
The specified Value Conversion Table doesn't exist.


power-aware Message # 9704:
Messages related to Power Aware static missing levelshifter check
For domain crossings if operating voltages of driving and sink domain are different
as per PST in UPF, and level shifter is not specified for the domain crossings.


power-aware Message # 9705:
Control port and Logic port/net of only boolean type is currently supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9706:
Please check earlier message(s) for details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9707:
The construct specified is currently unsupported. This may result in
improper functioning of the command.


power-aware Message # 9708:
Supply nets for this strategy could not be determined, or are not supported yet.
The instances specified using -instance option are connected to always on supply nets.


power-aware Message # 9709:
Either of the power or ground could not be detected.


power-aware Message # 9710:
The control pins of power management cells,
that are specified in -instance option of set_isolation/set_retention commands,
if could not be identified by the tool are assumed to be present and appropriately connected.


power-aware Message # 9711:
The proper attribute must be set only on the correct pin.


power-aware Message # 9712:
Signal name is optional in the -instance option only for a retention strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9713:
Only Signal names are allowed in the -instance option for a strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9714:
The exclude file entry is incorrect. Please ensure that the module name and
the instance path name are correct and are present in Power aware hierarchy.


power-aware Message # 9715:
Could not open the exclude file for reading.


power-aware Message # 9716:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9717:
Isolation/level shifter element can only be of input/output port type or a design element.


power-aware Message # 9718:
Could not open the specified file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9719:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9720:
The exclude file entry is incorrect. Please ensure that the signal name
is correct and is present in Poweraware hierarchy.


power-aware Message # 9721:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9722:
Specified object cannot be updated as previously specified power intent is being contradicted.
[DOC: Section 6.4 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9723:
Command has been called without the -update argument and the named object has already been defined.
[DOC: Section 6.4 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9724:
Command has been called with -update argument and the named object has not been previously defined.
[DOC: Section 6.4 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9725:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9726:
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, Section : 4.6 Attributes and HDLs]


power-aware Message # 9727:
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, Section : 4.6 Attributes and HDLs]


power-aware Message # 9728:
Specified port is part of multiple strategies.
One of the specified strategy will get applied on this port and other will get ignored.


power-aware Message # 9729:
Signals from more than one strategy were specified in the -instance with this design element.


power-aware Message # 9730:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9731:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9732:
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9733:
Logic connections should not cross any power domain boundary.
[DOC: Section 6.12 UPFv2.0]


power-aware Message # 9734:
Specified Object is not of valid logic port/net type.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9735:
The named instance has been detected as a power aware cell of the given type.


power-aware Message # 9736:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9737:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9738:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9739:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9740:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9741:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9742:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9743:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9744:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9745:
Currently only module instances are supported for -scope option of save_upf command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9746:
Tool will not provide automatic isolation, level shifting or retention as
specified in the message. This is due to either of the following :-
1) -pa_gls is specified. In this mode, it is assumed that all isolation,
   level shifting and retention cells are present in the netlist design.
   So the tool will not provide automatic isolation, retention or  level shifting
2) Automatic isolation and level shifting is stopped by -pa_disable option.


power-aware Message # 9747:
The specified UPF object is not a valid UPF object for -update.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9748:
The corresponding supply set function is not associated with a supply net.
Please use create_supply_set command to associate a function with a supply net.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9749:
All elements within the extent of the domain shall
be within the scope of the domain or its descendants
[DOC: Section 4.1 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9750:
Messages related to Power Aware static missing isolation checks
For domain crossings if driving domain is relatively OFF wrt sink domain as per
PST in UPF, and isolation is not specified for the domain crossings.


power-aware Message # 9751:
Simple name is a name in the active scope.
The name shall not contain any hierarchical separator characters.
[DOC: Section 3.1.47 UPFv2.0]
[Refer to the respective command syntax in UPFv1.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9752:
Supply set handle must be associated with a supply set.
[DOC: UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9753:
Specified library cannot be resolved.
[DOC: Section 6.27 UPFv2.0 & Section 6.51 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9754:
It is an error if the file specified by load_simstate_behavior contains
upf commands other than set_simstate_behavior.
[DOC: Section 6.27 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9755:
The specified upf object is not instance of a SystemVerilog module
VHDL entity or library cell.
[DOC: Unified Power Format]


power-aware Message # 9756:
Simstate behavior disabled for specified design element,
however the design element does not have any supply ports.
[DOC: UPFv2.0 Section 6.51]


power-aware Message # 9757:
The specified scope is not an instance of a design element.
[DOC: Section 6.50 UPFv2.0 & Section 3.1.10 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9758:
[DOC: UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9759:
A valid net_ref or attribute should be specified for connecting the ports of a cell.
[DOC: UPFv2.0]


power-aware Message # 9760:
It is an error if an element in the -elements is not covered by it's strategy.
Or it is covered by another map command of same strategy.[DOC: UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9761:
This message may arise in following scenarios:-
1). Design elements not specified when supply_set_ref is referenced as supply_set.
    Use -elements to specify design elements or reference supply_set_ref as supply_set_handle.
2). Effective_element_list is empty. Check filtering rules.
[DOC: UPFv2.0 Section 6.14]


power-aware Message # 9762:
[DOC: Section 6.43 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9763:
[DOC: Section 6.43 UPFv2.0]


power-aware Message # 9764:
Could not open the specified file.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9765:
Specified design object is already using some related supply.
[DOC: UPFv2.0 Section 6.44]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9766:
The port missing in the verification model but a pg pin in liberty
model is ignored in 'connect_supply_net' upf command


power-aware Message # 9767:
A power aware cell, whose strategy and the corresponding port could not be detected,
is assumed to be a dash instance of UPF strategy.


power-aware Message # 9768:
Power aware simulation semantics are disabled for indicated reason.


power-aware Message # 9769:
The specified design object was not of valid type. Please ensure
that the hierarchical paths for the instance and port pairs are
correct and each pair is enclosed in separate curly braces.
e.g. -instance {{inst1 port1}}
     -instance {{inst1 port1} {inst2 port2} {...}}
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.40, 6.42 & 6.47]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9770:
A composite domain cannot contain design objects as elements/members. So a UPF
command applied to a composite domain cannot directly refer to design
objects in its elements/instances list. These elements/instances should be
populated individually for each sub power domain using the strategy/command with
-update option, after applying the strategy/command on the composite domain.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9771:
If a strategy has been defined specifically on a power or composite
domain, the domain will not inherit the strategy of the same name
from it's parent composite domain.


power-aware Message # 9772:
It is valid to refer to the primary supply of a composite domain because there is exactly
one primary supply common to all subdomains. It is not valid to refer to other
supply_set_handles or strategies in the composite domain because they are not necessarily
common to all sub domains.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, Sec. 6.15
Please use the create_composite_domain command with -supply and -update options to
transitively associate the handle to the supply set for all sub domains, or use the
associate_supply_set command on the sub power domains individually.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9773:
UPF Processing of specified UPF Command cannot be done
as the specified UPF object is in Analog Scope.


power-aware Message # 9774:
UPF Processing of specified UPF Object
cannot be done as it is in Analog Scope.


power-aware Message # 9775:
UPF Object cannot be created in analog scope.


power-aware Message # 9776:
UPF Processing of specified UPF Object
cannot be done as it is in Analog Scope.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9777:
This construct is currently not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9778:
Supply set is not associated with a switch for which acknowledge ports are specified.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.20]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9779:
The specified PA top doesn't exist in the design hierarchy.


power-aware Message # 9780:
The command line option -pa_prefix/-pa_replacetop is not applicable with -pa_top option.


power-aware Message # 9781:
If a design object (or some of it's bits) is included as part of the -elements
list of a strategy and again as part the -instance list of the same strategy,
the common object (or bits) are assumed to be part of the -instance list only.


power-aware Message # 9782:
The hierarchy specified by PA Top is not the instance of scope specified in UPF.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9783:
The PA-ADMS wrapper is required for Power Aware processing of Digital-Analog boundaries.


power-aware Message # 9784:
A problem occurred while trying to open the specified files in the
specified mode. Verify that the path exists and that you have the
correct permissions in the directory.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9785:
The specified UPF construct is not compatible with specified UPF version.
This message may arise in following scenarios:-
1. When UPF 2.0 construct is used in a UPF 1.0 file.


power-aware Message # 9786:
The typename is not required when the HDL is vlog as Verilog does not
allow user-defined types and there can only be one choice the 4-state type.
[UPF v1.0 Section 6.7]


power-aware Message # 9787:
Currently only verilog reg/wire/bit/logic and VHDL std_[u]logic/bit/Boolean are supported.


power-aware Message # 9788:
The specified time string is not recognized.
A time must be specified in one of the following formats:
   10   10ns   {10 ns}

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9789:
When -reuse is specified, it is an error if supply net does not already exist.
[DOC: UPF_v1.0, Sec 6.11. & UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.22]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9790:
For verification tools, -lib_model_name is a mandatory option.
[UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.30]


power-aware Message # 9791:
Specified module/entity not found in the library search paths.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9792:
Pre-installed UPF utilities are not loaded properly.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9793:
Power hierarchy cannot be compiled properly.
Please refer to further errors for any additional information.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9794:
This message occurred because Power hierarchy compilation failed. There can be following reasons:
1. SV Keyword is used as a name for any design object in UPF file.
2. Some error in the UPF file.
3. Internal Error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9795:
UPF Package could not be loaded properly.
Please make sure LibrarySearchPath are correct.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9796:
Ports of type bit/boolean/x01/ux01 can not take clamp value 'Z'.
Isolation clamping will be ignored.


power-aware Message # 9797:
The specified command is not recognized.


power-aware Message # 9798:
Input/Output supply port of power switch is left unconnected.
Use connect_supply_net command to connect these ports.


power-aware Message # 9799:
Only ports should be specified in -ports option.
[DOC: UPF_v1.0, Sec 6.6. & UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.13]
UPF connections to internal objects are allowed with -pa_upfextensions=internalconn

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9800:
Some error occurred during liberty file processing. Please see liberty.rpt file
in the <liberty_dir>, specified in -pa_dumplibertydb=<liberty_dir> for more details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9801:
The <liberty_dir> specified with -pa_dumplibertydb=<liberty_dir>,
already has some data for the specified liberty library which
will be overridden by the new liberty data.


power-aware Message # 9802:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9803:
The <liberty_dir> specified with -pa_dumplibertydb=<liberty_dir>,
already has some data for the specified liberty library. Use
-pa_libertyenable=update to override existing data.


power-aware Message # 9805:
Liberty data could not be loaded from <liberty_dir> specified with
-pa_loadlibertydb=<liberty_dir> as <liberty_dir> either does not exists
or is not a valid liberty dump or has been corrupted.


power-aware Message # 9807:
Size of input/output port of mapped cell and isolated port should match
or mapped cell's input/output port should be scalar.


power-aware Message # 9808:
The options -pa_prefix/-pa_bbox/-pa_defertop makes use of different top for vopt and vsim.
This flow is not possible with '-voptargs'.Use '-pa_top' option instead.


power-aware Message # 9809:
The two options provide contradictory functionalities , hence the former is ignored.


power-aware Message # 9811:
When multiple matching liberty cells are found, only single cell is used
to get the information about the cell from the liberty data


power-aware Message # 9812:
Specified port_name is not a valid control port. Field Selection not possible.
[DOC: UPF_v1.0, Sec 6.29 & UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.46]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9813:
The output signal of a feedthrough function will not be corrupted.


power-aware Message # 9814:
The related supplies of the specified port doesn't match with the supplies of the
actual driving or receiving logic of the port.
[UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.45]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9815:
It is an error if an element in the -elements list of map_isolation or
map_level_shifter_cell is not covered by it's corresponding strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9816:
It is an error if an element in the -elements list of map_isolation or
map_level_shifter_cell is not covered by it's corresponding strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9817:
Specified supply net/port state should be OFF,UNDETERMINED,PARTIAL_ON or FULL_ON.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9818:
Specified object is not a valid object for the expression.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9819:
State without supply/logic expression will always be kept active.


power-aware Message # 9820:
Specified simstate is not supported for the mentioned logic cell.


power-aware Message # 9821:
A Power aware cell was specified as a -instance for more than one strategy with different supplies.


power-aware Message # 9822:
A retention cell also specified as isolation cell or level shifter cell is not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9823:
A retention cell also identified as isolation cell or level shifter cell is not supported.


power-aware Message # 9824:
Potential cyclic dependency is found for power states while doing static analysis.


power-aware Message # 9825:
The scope could not be included in the -elements/-exclude_elements list of domain/strategy.


power-aware Message # 9826:
The direction of specified inout port is changed to either IN or OUT mode when
it is connected with a UPF supply net. This change is due to one of the following
reasons:
- This direction is changed by user from UPF using special attribute: mti_port_dir.
- The new mode is picked up from liberty specification.
- The connections on the design side indicate that port is behaving as specified mode.
- The inout functionality could not be achieved due to one of the limitations.


power-aware Message # 9827:
The specified inout port is currently not supported for inout type connections.
The port will be connected assuming the direction specified in the message.


power-aware Message # 9828:
The error message is generated by tcl interpreter.
Please correct the error and then continue.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9829:
The specified port will have isolation cell(s) as per it's port size.


power-aware Message # 9830:
PowerAware analysis requires values of parameters/generics to be fixed. So vopt
options +acc=g, +floatparameters and +floatgenerics will be ignored for PowerAware
analysis. Default values of corresponding parameters/generics will be used.


power-aware Message # 9831:
Power domain does not have valid effective element list.


power-aware Message # 9832:
Object cannot be associated as previously specified power intent is being contradicted.
[DOC: Section 6.4 UPFv2.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9833:
The primary power/ground supply for the power domain has not been associated
with any supply net. Anonymous supply net will be used as primary supply.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9834:
The following strategy does not have supplies associated with it.
Please use relevant UPF commands to specify the supplies for the strategy.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9835:
HDL switch already extended using set_power_switch command.
Command set_power_switch called more than once for same switch.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9836:
Any name in a boolean_function needs to refer to a control port of the switch.
[DOC: UPF v2.0 Section 6.20 & Section 6.46]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9837:
Some invalid object found in element/exclude_element list of object.


power-aware Message # 9838:
Specified scope cannot start with .. or /,
i.e, find_objects needs to be referenced from the active scope,
and reside in the active scope or below it.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 7.1]


power-aware Message # 9839:
Specified search pattern is not proper regular expression pattern.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 7.1]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9840:
Search pattern with specified constraints does not have any match in specified scope.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 7.1]


power-aware Message # 9841:
Domains have cyclic dependency.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9842:
map_power_switch is used to specify which power switch model is to be used for the
implementation of the switches as defined by create_power_switch upf command.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009, sec. 6.32]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9843:
Control signal is itself controlled by the same strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9844:
Power aware strategy for a power management cell could not be identified.


power-aware Message # 9845:
Design hierarchy excluded from a power domain is not a part of any power domain .


power-aware Message # 9846:
Messages related to Power Aware static incorrect levelshifter check
For domain crossings if operating voltages of driving and sink domain are different
as per PST in UPF, and either rule of specified level shifter is different than
required direction or strategy is specified with -no_shift option.


power-aware Message # 9847:
Messages related to Power Aware static redundant levelshifter check
For domain crossings if level shifter is not required as per PST in UPF,
and level shifter is placed in design.


power-aware Message # 9848:
Messages related to Power Aware static multiple levelshifter check
Multiple level shifter placement for crossing.


power-aware Message # 9849:
Messages related to Power Aware not analyzed levelshifter check
For domain crossings specified level shifter will not be analyzed
if PST is not sufficient for primary supplies of driving and sink domain


power-aware Message # 9850:
Messages related to Power Aware not inserted levelshifter check
For domain crossings specified level shifter is not inserted


power-aware Message # 9851:
Messages related to Power Aware valid levelshifter check
For domain crossings specified level shifter is valid


power-aware Message # 9852:
Messages related to Power Aware static redundant isolation check
For domain crossings if isolation is not required as per PST in UPF,
and isolation is placed in design.


power-aware Message # 9853:
Messages related to Power Aware static incorrect isolation check
For domain crossings if isolation is required as per PST in UPF,
and isolation strategy is specified with -no_isolation option.


power-aware Message # 9854:
Messages related to Power Aware static multiple isolation check
Multiple isolation placement for crossing.


power-aware Message # 9855:
Messages related to Power Aware not analyzed isolation check
For domain crossings specified isolation will not be analyzed
if PST is not sufficient for primary supplies of driving and sink domain


power-aware Message # 9856:
Messages related to Power Aware not inserted isolation check
For domain crossings specified isolation is not inserted


power-aware Message # 9857:
Messages related to Power Aware valid isolation check
For domain crossings specified isolation is valid


power-aware Message # 9858:
In -ports option of bind_checker command net_name should be
specified with port_name.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9859:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9860:
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9861:
Cannot query the above UPF objects because of following reason(s) :
1. Cannot query UPF object created in scope above active scope.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009 Section 7.0]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9862:
Specified power domain or supply set does have any power state defined on them.
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009 Section 7.24]


power-aware Message # 9863:
[DOC: UPF LRM, IEEE Std 1801-2009]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9864:
The version string passed to change UPF version is not valid.
The command will be ignored and have no effect in the change of UPF version.
The valid version strings for upf_version command are
 1.0 for UPF 1.0
 2.0 for IEEE1801_2009
 2.1 for IEEE1801_2013
 3.0 for IEEE1801_2015


power-aware Message # 9865:
The PST header contains two columns which are either same object or driven by same source.
This may result in conflicting entries in the PST.


power-aware Message # 9866:
The PST has multiple columns referring to objects that have same source.
There is a state added on this PST that has a conflicting values of the object.
This may result in errors in PST analysis.


power-aware Message # 9867:
Specified object is not a valid object for the expression.


power-aware Message # 9868:
Don't use -pa_disable=unifiedretflow when using save_condition,
restore_condition, retention_condition or master slave retention configuration.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9869:
Specified power states does not exists on the specified object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9870:
Specified power state transitions are either creating conflict or duplicate.
This power state transition (from-state, to-state pair) will get ignored.


power-aware Message # 9871:
Power state transition of same name is already defined on this object
with a different legality.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9872:
map_retention_cell is not honored for sequential udp retention however RTL portion
of the design will still follow map_retention_cell simulation semantics.


power-aware Message # 9873:
Power Aware testplan is not generated. It may be because of following reason(s)
1. PA coverage items not found
2. Coverage of PA items have been disabled using vopt options


power-aware Message # 9874:
Preoptimized Design Units must be generated using vopt option pa_defertop for PowerAware.


power-aware Message # 9875:
Tool Limitation.


power-aware Message # 9876:
Specified port doest not exist in mapped isolation model.


power-aware Message # 9877:
Specified value in vct table is invalid.
Expected values are FULL_ON, OFF, PARTIAL_ON, UNDETERMINED.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9878:
The port missing in the verification model but a pg pin in liberty
model is used for power_down_function and related_power_pin and
related_ground_pin


power-aware Message # 9879:
Some error occurred during liberty file processing.


power-aware Message # 9880:
The information message displays total number of PSTs and the total number of duplicate
PSTs that are optimized away. The duplicate PSTs are identical PSTs and refer to
supplies that are either same or connected with each other.


power-aware Message # 9881:
The message displays the kind of supply pairs used in analysis.
If POWER is used in analysis then the tool will only analyze between Source POWER and Sink POWER.
Similary, if GROUND is used then the analysis is only between corresponding GROUND supplies.
If POWER, GROUND is used, then the analysis is between ( Source POWER Vs Sink POWER ) and/or
( Source GROUND Vs Sink GROUND ).


power-aware Message # 9882:
The message displays the PST/Power state that leads to undetermined state in other PSTs/Objects
These states are not used in PST Analysis.
The following are possible scenarios:
  - PSTs defined in same scope with common/equivalent supplies are not referring
    to same port states.
  - A PST defined in higher level scope is referring to a port state which is not
    used in another PST defined in lower level scope on the same/equivalent port/net.


power-aware Message # 9883:
The message displays the supply port/PST states that may be unreachable.
These states are not used in PST Analysis.
  - If a Supply Port state is unreachable then it is not referred in any of the PSTs.
  - If a PST state is unreachable then a top level PST ( PST defined in higher scope )
    is not referring to port states/combinations defined lower level PST (having common
    /equivalent supplies ).


power-aware Message # 9884:
The specified option has been deprecated in latest UPF LRM.


power-aware Message # 9885:
Currently tool does not support addition of signals/process to retention element list.
Retention will be applied on signals/instances specified in retention element list, if
this list is specified in -elements of set_retention command. Error checking 9886 and
9887 to maintain the collective states of elements is only supported for instances.


power-aware Message # 9886:
It shall be an error if retention_purpose is required and an element belonging to
retention_element_list is not retained when any element in
the same power domain extent is retained.


power-aware Message # 9887:
If the state of any element in retention_element_list is retained,
the state of every element in retention_element_list shall be retained.


power-aware Message # 9888:
Retention List is having either of following:
exclude_elements, -applies_to, -transitive FALSE.
Currently tool does not support use of this type of list in
set_retention or map_retention_cell commands.


power-aware Message # 9889:
Same vct should be be specified for all connections of a hdl port to a
upf_supply_net when port is driving net so that a hdl value is converted
to same supply_net_type value for all connected supply nets. Another vct
can be specified for connections where upf_supply_net is driving the hdl port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9890:
For a retention strategy, it is an error to specify
    - both RET_SUP_COR and NO_RET_SUP_COR; or
    - both SAV_RES_COR and NO_SAV_RES_COR.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9891:
Liberty should be specified for macro cell and retention cell.


power-aware Message # 9892:
With -pa_enable=libertypamodel vopt option, liberty file will be used for
PA functionality of the macro and retention cell and the cell would not be corrupted
according to the domain in which it is explicitly added.


power-aware Message # 9893:
Default domain/strategy automatic connections are applied for pg port of a macro
when explicit upf connection is not specified for the port.


power-aware Message # 9894:
It is an error due to conflict between two attribute with same priority.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9895:
It is an error to specify multiple map_isolation_cell/map_level_shifter_cell commands
with '-lib_model_name' and without '-elements' for same strategy.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9896:
Isolation/Level Shifter is ignored for simulation only power domains.


power-aware Message # 9897:
Some of the objects specified in expression do not exist in the scope.


power-aware Message # 9898:
The specified strategy did not result in any cells being placed
in the design.


power-aware Message # 9899:
Preoptimized Design Units must be generated using vopt option pa_defertop for PowerAware.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9900:
No upf connection found for a supply pin of a macro cell.


power-aware Message # 9901:
An automatic connection for a given pg_type applies to an instance and makes more
than one connection for a pg_type.


power-aware Message # 9902:
Liberty model is used for corruption semantics of macro cell and retention cell.
The inputs are corrupted according to related_power_pin and related_ground pin
and output and inout ports are corrupted according to power_down_function
specified in the liberty model.


power-aware Message # 9903:
Liberty model used to determine when to corrupt the inputs, outputs of a macro cell
instance is missing one of the required
attributes necessary to specify corruption semantics.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9904:
The direction of an internal pg pin can affect the connection but automatic
connections do not take into account direction hence only explicit connections
are supported for internal pg pins of a hard macro.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9905:
Command 'load_upf <upf_file> -scope <scope_path>' is ignored if <scope_path> is a pdu
or has liberty associated with it.So all the contents of the <upf_file> are ignored.


power-aware Message # 9906:
VCT needed for connection between a UPF net and a HDL object which is
not of upf supply net type


power-aware Message # 9907:
Verification model of macro cell is partially power aware with some of the
pg pins defined in the hdl model while some other pg pins defined in the liberty
model missing in the hdl definition.


power-aware Message # 9908:
A supply net that is connected to an internal pg pin must conform to one of the following
mutually exclusive cases
 a) It is resolved parallel and is connected to one or more of any of the following sources
   - an inout internal pg pin
   - the output of UPF power switch (create_power_switch)
   - the output of HDL power switch instance
 b) It is resolved parallel and is connected to one or more of any of the following sources
   - an output internal pg pin
 c) it is resolved one-hot and is connected to one or more of any of the following sources
   - an output internal pg pin
   - a primary supply input
 d) it is not resolved and is connected to exactly one of the following sources
   - an output or inout internal pg pin.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9909:
UPF connections to internal objects are allowed with -pa_upfextensions=internalconn vopt option.


power-aware Message # 9910:
This message may arise in following scenarios:-
1) Integer clamp value is defined for non-integer type port or vice-versa.
2) Only < 0 | 1 | Z > values are allowed when clamp value is defined for part/bit of port.


power-aware Message # 9911:
Clamp value should be as per it's port size.


power-aware Message # 9912:
Clamp value should be in range of integer type ports.


power-aware Message # 9913:
The mnemonic specified for the command is unrecognizable.


power-aware Message # 9914:
The option is not applicable for PA Check so ignoring the option.


power-aware Message # 9915:
Internal pg pin with direction internal should not be connected to an external supply.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9916:
A supply net that is connected to an internal pg pin must conform to one of the following
mutually exclusive cases
 a) It is resolved parallel and is connected to one or more of any of the following sources
   - an inout internal pg pin
   - the output of UPF power switch (create_power_switch)
   - the output of HDL power switch instance
 b) It is resolved parallel and is connected to one or more of any of the following sources
   - an output internal pg pin
 c) it is resolved one-hot and is connected to one or more of any of the following sources
   - an output internal pg pin
   - a primary supply input
 d) it is not resolved and is connected to exactly one of the following sources
   - an output or inout internal pg pin.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9917:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9918:
The specified port state does not exist for the corresponding supply of the PST.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9919:
The specified command has been deprecated in latest UPF LRM.


power-aware Message # 9920:
The specified option has been made legacy in latest UPF LRM.


power-aware Message # 9921:
The specified command has been made legacy in latest UPF LRM.


power-aware Message # 9922:
In -parameters option of bind_checker command param_value should be
specified with param_name.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9923:
This message is flagged when error 9670 is either suppressed or
downgraded to Warning/Note


power-aware Message # 9924:
The specified strategy can be applied on the port
only if its on the interface of extent of power domain.


power-aware Message # 9925:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1801-2013, Section 6.46].


power-aware Message # 9927:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1801-2018, Section 6.45].
In the case of multiple paths to different receiving supplies, care should be taken when specifying
the location domain as an isolation cell inferred for one path may affect another path.
It shall be an error if the isolation power intent cannot be implemented without duplicating ports.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9928:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1801-2013, Section 4.4.3.1].
Input and output port of a switch cannot be equivalent.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9929:
Liberty model based corruption semantics being applied on an always_on pin.


power-aware Message # 9930:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9931:
Domain, cell or element list required with -pg_type, -rail_connection option of connect_supply_net
UPF command.
[DOC: Unified Power Format Reference]


power-aware Message # 9932:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1801-2013, Section 6.38]
Specified scope doesn't refer to an instance of the design top.


power-aware Message # 9933:
The information message displays the number of objects having power states along with
total number of PSTs converted from power states. The converted PSTs will be used for
static analysis.


power-aware Message # 9934:
The specified power state could not be mapped to any PST state.
It could be possible when the boolean expression specified in either
-logic_expr or -supply_expr does not adhere to following formats:
  * Equality/Inequality of the following format
    * <Supply> == <Supply Value>
    * <UPF Object> == <Power State>
    * <UPF Object> != <Power State>
  * Logical OR (||) or Logical AND (&&) using above equality expressions.
Note: Any -logic_expr involving logic control signals are ignored
      in conversion process.


power-aware Message # 9935:
Unexpected float parameter encountered.
To bypass this error -:
1. Suppress/Lower severity of this message and specify the param value at vopt with option -G
2. Use vopt option '-pa_enable=defaultfloatparam' to use default values of all float params.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9936:
Power aware simulation semantics are disabled for unconnected power management cells
like isolation cell, level-shifter cell, retention cell & switch cell
when their UPF strategy could not be identified and they belong to a macro model.


power-aware Message # 9937:
Attribute '-unconnected' should only be applied on ports which are not connected in the design.
[DOC : UPF LRM IEEE Std 1801-2013 Annex G-1].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9938:
Messages related to Power Aware Path Analysis check
This represents a Valid Path with no ISO and/or LS requirement


power-aware Message # 9939:
Messages related to Power Aware Path Analysis check
This represents a not analyzed path for ISO and/or LS requirement


power-aware Message # 9940:
There should be only one instance of module specified with -pa_powertop.
This option will be ignored if the error is suppressed.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9941:
Design unit is not present in the library specified with -pa_powertop option.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9942:
The kind of object specified by add_power_state does not match with -supply/-domain option.
[DOC : UPF LRM IEEE Std 1801-2013 Section: 6.4].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9943:
Only one option -pa_upf or -pa_upflist can be used to input the UPF files.


power-aware Message # 9944:
UPF Strategies with same name can not exist within a power domain.
Only the first one will be processed by the tool.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9945:
command is not allowed with-in power model definition.
[DOC  : UPF LRM IEEE Std 1801-2013 Section: 6.8].


power-aware Message # 9946:
two power model with same name are not allowed.
[DOC  : UPF LRM IEEE Std 1801-2013 Section: 6.8].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9947:
power model can not have UPF_is_leaf_cell attribute set to false.
[DOC  : UPF LRM IEEE Std 1801-2013 Section: 6.8].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9948:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9949:
Either the SV_package or the resolution function within the SV_package was not found.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9950:
Processing of liberty file failed as the gzipped format is not supported for this platform

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9951:
Retention and corruption behaviour for the element will be imparted by the tool.


power-aware Message # 9952:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9953:
Only boundary pin corruption is applied for inferred retention cell.


power-aware Message # 9954:
Different clamp values are specified for port in isolation strategy and set_port_attributes.
If error is overridden, then set_port_attributes clamp value would be chosen.


power-aware Message # 9955:
Messages related to Power Aware static back-to-back isolation check
For back to back placed isolation cells with different ctrl signals,
single isolation cell is suggested.


power-aware Message # 9956:
Messages related to Power Aware static back-to-back isolation check
For back to back placed isolation cells with same ctrl signals, single isolation cell is suggested.


power-aware Message # 9957:
By default only toggle coverage is enabled with PA, rest all code coverage is disabled.
Use vopt option -pa_enable=codecoverage to enable code coverage.


power-aware Message # 9958:
There is no additional information for this message.


power-aware Message # 9959:
If user controled assertion control tasks is present in the design,
assertions will not be disabled during power off.


power-aware Message # 9960:
Mismatch in HDL module  and liberty cell definition
All logic pins in a HDL module must be present in corresponding liberty model

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9961:
Mismatch in HDL module  and liberty cell definition
All logic pins in a liberty cell must be present in  corresponding HDL module

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9962:
Mismatch in HDL module  and liberty cell definition
PG-Pin in a HDL module must be of scalar type

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9963:
Isolation or Level shifter is not honored for open output ports.
Use vopt option -pa_enable=openportiso to allow isolation or level shifter for such cases.


power-aware Message # 9964:
Logic port in the design is already driven from another logic net.


power-aware Message # 9965:
Specified port is part of multiple strategies.
One of the specified strategy will get applied on this port and other will get ignored.


power-aware Message # 9966:
'-pa_glschecks' option has higher priority than '-pa_checks'.


power-aware Message # 9967:
related power_pin an always on pin is expected to be the backup_power of the cell.


power-aware Message # 9969:
when well-bias pin is related to both primary and secondary supply of an isolation cell
it is expected that the well-bias supply of primary supply set and secondary supply set
associated with the cell, will be same.


power-aware Message # 9970:
std_cell_main_rail attributes found on more than one pg_pin.
expected only one pg_pin to have the std_cell_main_rail attribute.


power-aware Message # 9971:
A valid net_ref or attribute should be specified for connecting the ports of a cell.
[DOC: UPFv2.0]


power-aware Message # 9972:
Any instance of an atomic power domain can't be included in the extent of other power domain,
unless excluded from that atomic domain

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9973:
Messages related to Power Aware static back-to-back isolation check


power-aware Message # 9974:
List of supplies mentiond as available_supplies for a power domain along with the locally
available supplies can only be used for power cell inserted into that domain

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9975:
A constraint for an UPF element to be defined at or above
the scope of a power domain

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9976:
It is mandatory to provide the path of PA database using -pa_db <filename> in pa defertop flow, If:
-pa_dumpimdb is used and designfile is not specified. If designfile is specified then tool
automatically creates the pa database with the name <designfile>.padb


power-aware Message # 9978:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.3].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9979:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.4].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9980:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.4].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9981:
No. of elems in isolated_pins and enable lists should be equal in define_always_on_cell command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9982:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.4].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9983:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.4].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9984:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9985:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].


power-aware Message # 9986:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9987:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].


power-aware Message # 9988:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9989:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.5].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9990:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.6].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9991:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.6].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9992:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.7].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9993:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.7].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9994:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.7].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9995:
Only input pins can be defined as internally isolated pins in define_always_on_cell command.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9996:
[UPF LRM 1801_2013 section 7.3].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9997:
The particular state doesn't exist on the specified object.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9998:
[UPF LRM 1801_2015 section 6.5].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

power-aware Message # 9999:
[UPF LRM 1801_2015].


vsim-vopt Message # 10000:
The specified name in a simple or hierarchical reference cannot be found
as an instance or object in the design. If the reference is a VHDL external
name one possible reason the reference cannot be found is the instance has
not been elaborated yet. Aliases to external names cannot occur in the
declarative region that the instance being searched for occurs.
This error can be suppressed if the defparam is considered optional.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10001:
The specified generate object is indexed with a number outside of the range.
This error can be suppressed if the defparam is considered optional.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10002:
When delays are represented as 3-tuples in the form (min:typ:max) vopt and vsim
choose "typ" delay values by default. You can specify "+maxdelays", "+typdelays"
or "+mindelays" on the command line. This message is issued when vopt and vsim have
different delay modes specified. (Delay mode specified to vopt overrides that of vsim).
   e.g (1) : vopt +maxdelays mytest -o mytest_opt
             vsim +mindelays mytest_opt
   e.g (2) : vsim +mindelays mytest_opt -voptargs="+maxdelays"

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10003:
exit() call in the SystemC code needs to be removed. The presence of this call will lead
to an erroneous exit of the optimizer/simulator

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10004:
vopt was passed '-nodbgsym', which is a compile-time option and does not
have any effect in vopt. This option was ignored from vopt command-line.


vsim-vopt Message # 10005:
Currently, vsim and vopt do not allow type parameters to be overridden using -g or -G.


vsim-vopt Message # 10006:
Actual of interface port connection should be of interface type. It cannot be of type module.


vsim-vopt Message # 10007:
You aren't permitted to instantiate a udp inside an interface.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10008:
The number of indices in an indexed name must match the number of index
positions in the array type of the prefix (the dimensionality of the
array type of the prefix.
Similarly, an index constraint in a subtype indication must have the
same number of discrete ranges as there are index positions in the array
type being constrained.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10009:
An implicit port cannot be used to reference a generic interface.
A named port shall be used to reference a generic interface.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2011 Verilog LRM - Section 25.3.3]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim-vopt Message # 10010:
Physical libraries which appear in -L/-Lf options with filesystem path
delimiters (i.e. '.' or '/') are internally promoted to logical library
status with the tail of the physical path being used as the logical name.
For example: './some/path/gatelib' is promoted to logical name 'gatelib'.


vsim-vopt Message # 10011:
Physical libraries which appear in -L/-Lf options with filesystem path delimiters
(i.e. '.' or '/') are internally promoted to logical library status. This note is
issued when doing so can result in two libraries with distinct physical paths
getting mapped to the same logical library name. The physical libraries involved
in collision are not promoted to logical library status.


vsim-vopt Message # 10012:
Top level work libraries that are not explicitly added to the set of
-L/-Lf options are implicitly promoted to searchable libraries. They
are placed at the end of the library search order. They will appear as
-Ltop <libname> in the output of the -libverbose option.


vsim-vopt Message # 10013:
Reports user defined library mappings from modelsim.ini.


vsim-vopt Message # 10014:
Logical library names are case-insensitive. When multiple libraries with
the same case-insensitive logical name are passed with -L/-Lf options,
the first one is used to get the physical path to the library. All
subsequent case-insensitive references to this library name would
refer to the same physical path.


vsim-vopt Message # 10015:
Physical library name passed as work library is internally promoted to
logical library status with the tail of the physical path being used as
the logical name.
For example: './some/path/gatelib' is promoted to logical name 'gatelib'.


vsim-vopt Message # 10016:
While searching for design-units in the active -L and -Lf libsearch
lists to create instances, vopt ignores vlog's -L and -Lf options,
and only uses the -L and -Lf options passed to it. i.e. vopt's -L and
-Lf options override vlog's -L and -Lf options. If any library is passed
to vlog with -L/-Lf option, it would not be used by vopt unless it is
also explicitly passed to vopt using a corresponding -L/-Lf option.


vsim-vopt Message # 10017:
While searching for design-units in the active -L and -Lf libsearch
lists to create instances, vopt ignores vlog's -L and -Lf options,
and only uses the -L and -Lf options passed to it. i.e. vopt's -L and
-Lf options override vlog's -L and -Lf options. If there is any conflict
in the order of libraries specified with -L/-Lf options in vlog and vopt,
it could possibly lead to unintentional changes in design compositions in vopt.


vsim-vopt Message # 10018:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10019:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10020:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10021:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10022:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10023:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10500:
The design unit was not found in the library.


vsim-vopt Message # 10501:
Unsupported spice expression type.


vsim-vopt Message # 10502:
Unknown return type from Analog Simulator expression evaluation.


vsim-vopt Message # 10503:
There should not be any unknown domains left post resolution.


vsim-vopt Message # 10504:
The specified object is not a valid target for the specified type of
procedural assign statement.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10505:
The specified spice subcircuit can not be supported as samed named model already
exits in work library.


vsim-vopt Message # 10506:
Net has an unresolved type (real/std_ulogic type) and cannot have multiple drivers.


vsim-vopt Message # 10507:
Could not find proper boundary element model for AD interaction


vsim-vopt Message # 10508:
Unsupported type for domain resolution.


vsim-vopt Message # 10509:
%s literals are currently not supported in MS3


vsim-vopt Message # 10510:
Connection size mismatch.


vsim-vopt Message # 10511:
Digital real to Digital logic/bit connections are not supported.


vsim-vopt Message # 10512:
Partial Analog and Partial Digital resolution for composites is not supported.


vsim-vopt Message # 10513:
Incompatible connections between nets due to type mismatch.


vsim-vopt Message # 10514:
Digital net or port participating in Bi-Dir BE is not supported because
driver readers seggregation need to be supported as well.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10515:
Could not find systemc.so in the work library. Make sure that the same options are
specified during the compile, link, optimization and simulation phases. The work library
and the systemc.so found while creating the elaboration file are required to exist as well.


vsim-vopt Message # 10516:
In super net multiple drivers/readers could not be resolved.


vsim-vopt Message # 10517:
Port connection between formal and actual is not supported. It may be because of
1. Size mismatch between formal and actual
2. Large size (>1024) of actual

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10518:
Terminals of incompatible natures cannot be connected to each other


vsim-vopt Message # 10519:
The type of the specified object in a module instantiation port list is
incompatible with the type of the port to which it is being connected.


vsim-vopt Message # 10520:
Unnamed generate block object participating in AD interaction is not supported.


vsim-vopt Message # 10521:
Bidir dataflow modification is not supported for this decl.


vsim-vopt Message # 10522:
The specified name in a simple or hierarchical reference cannot be found
as an instance or object in the design. If the reference is a VHDL external
name one possible reason the reference cannot be found is the instance has
not been elaborated yet. Aliases to external names cannot occur in the
declarative region that the instance being searched for occurs.
This error can be suppressed if the parameter override is considered optional.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10523:
Complex parameter expressions found in parameter of spice subckt .
This may increase elaboration time.


vsim-vopt Message # 10524:
Multiple spice files are given through command line options, It is not allowed

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10525:
There are compilation/elaboration errors found in the digital portion of the design
Please refer the log file for error description.


vsim-vopt Message # 10526:
Spice tops (implicit or named through -spicetop_rename) cannot be
instantiated in HDL or Spice hierarchy..


vsim-vopt Message # 10527:
Ordered Param association is not supported for instance binded to spice module
because the spice subckt definition contains future dependent parameter
or re-declaration of parameters.


vsim-vopt Message # 10528:
String input is allowed for only vsup_high and vsup_low parameters


vsim-vopt Message # 10529:
Syntax Errors present in given IE file (check double quotes or spaces)


vsim-vopt Message # 10530:
Given IE file not found


vsim-vopt Message # 10531:
More than one scope is not allowed in <-ie> .. <-ie_end> options
Use different <-ie>..<-ie_end> options for different scopes


vsim-vopt Message # 10532:
In a given supernet IE parameter can have only single value


vsim-vopt Message # 10533:
In a given supernet different IE parameters can be merged


vsim-vopt Message # 10534:
The specified design unit has been compiled with -closedworld.
Hence it cannot be loaded as a PDU.


vsim-vopt Message # 10535:
PDUs cannot be loaded in closed world. PDUs need to be removed from the library.


vsim-vopt Message # 10536:
Currently, vopt2 doesn't allow type parameters to be floated using -floatparameters/+acc=g.


vsim-vopt Message # 10537:
The hierarchical reference is used in a hierarchy which is under unresolved generate.
This might result in an error during simulation.


vsim-vopt Message # 10538:
The specified compiler option is either invalid, requires an argument,
or had an unusable argument.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom/vlog/vopt commands]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10539:
An attempt was made to index an object that is not an array.


vsim-vopt Message # 10540:
A parameter declared without a type may only be overridden with
a value that is integral or real.


vsim-vopt Message # 10541:
The specified design unit could not be loaded. Note that 'vsidlloadndump' only
supports Verilog/SystemVerilog design-units. Either the design-unit is not
present in the specified library, or it is not a Verilog/SystemVerilog design-unit.


vsim-vopt Message # 10542:
An internal error occurred in the tool. Please contact customer support for further assistance.


vsim-vopt Message # 10543:
If the SystemC design is compiled with the 'sccom -nodebug' option, the corresponding VHDL
wrapper for the SystemC design unit with the ports and generics information is not created.
Please recompile the SystemC source files without the 'sccom -nodebug' option or create
a VHDL wrapper for the SystemC design unit that is instantiated in VHDL and compile it in.


vsim-vopt Message # 10544:
Factory testing option check for consistency in internal data structures. Allow checking that
parameter/generics are fixed in vopt and not computed at a later point.


vsim-vopt Message # 10545:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10546:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10547:
Parameterized class types which specialize additional types must
ensure that the set of types is bounded.  Common issues arise when
creating C#(p+1) within a parameterized class with 'p' as a parameter.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10548:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10549:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10550:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10551:
The preserve inst option syntax is :
   -preserveinst=+<objselection>
See documentation for further details.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10552:
The default mode vopt runs in reuses optimized design units where possible. When -fprofile is used
with it only part of the design data will be collected so -fprofile is being suppressed and no FDB
file will be created. Use '-noincr' on vopt to generate an fdb file.


vsim-vopt Message # 10553:
There was an incompatible assignment to struct/union.


vsim-vopt Message # 10554:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10555:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10556:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10557:
Using decimal values with integer format (%d OR %D) is illegal


vsim-vopt Message # 10558:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10559:
Exclude file given with -xprop,filelist option could not be found.


vsim-vopt Message # 10560:
One of the file paths specified in the xprop exclude file could not be found.


vsim-vopt Message # 10561:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10562:
In order for -fprofile to collect full design information, design needs to be
compiled in non-incremental mode. -noincr mode is being enabled with -fprofile.


vsim-vopt Message # 10563:
An error occurred during SystemC code elaboration. SystemC module constructors/destructors code
are being executed as part of vopt elaboration. You can use 'vopt -enablescstdout' to see additional
messages from constructor/destructor code.
Also, vopt elaboration of SystemC design units can be disabled using 'vopt -noscelab'
as long as there is no HDL hierarchy under SystemC.


vsim-vopt Message # 10564:
This expression type is not supported for xprop resolve mode.


vsim-vopt Message # 10565:
Only std_logic and std_logic_vector type supported for xprop resolve mode.


vsim-vopt Message # 10566:
This statement is not supported for xprop resolve mode.


vsim-vopt Message # 10567:
Xprop resolve mode does not supports processes where same signal is being written as well as read.


vsim-vopt Message # 10568:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10569:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10570:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10571:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10572:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10573:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10574:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10575:
For scalars, the value must fit the specified range. For vectors, the length must match.


vsim-vopt Message # 10576:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10577:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim-vopt Message # 10578:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10579:
A BE parameter overridden with -G takes priority over a BE parameter specified
in the '-rnmconfigfile <file>'. Also, the BE parameter value recorded in the
'-rnmbelog <file>' may not match the value used in simulation when affected by
-g, -G, or +floatparameters.


vsim-vopt Message # 10580:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10581:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-vopt Message # 10582:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12000:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12001:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12002:
Interconnect should be referred from the legal contexts as specified by LRM
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - Section 6.6.8 Generic interconnect]


vsim Message # 12003:
In SystemVerilog, it is an error to have multiple continuous assignments
or a mixture of procedural and continuous assignments writing to a
variable.


vsim Message # 12004:
-c and -batch options should not be specified together. When specified
together, -batch takes precedence and -c is ignored. Note that there are
certain restrictions on using commands that interacts with GUI in -batch mode.
Please refer to User's Manual section 'Batch Simulation' for more details.


vsim Message # 12005:
A function must be defined first before it can be called to avoid a fatal error.
Please check where this function should be defined, and whether there are any missing
dependencies in linking the shared library. One can turn on vsim switch '-undefsyms=verbose'
to see the complete list of undefined symbols from all the shared libraries being loaded.


vsim Message # 12006:
These undefined symbols may not be truely fatal errors unless they get called at runtime.
vsim would still be able to load the design despite these missing symbols. A fatal error
at runtime will be thrown if any such undefined symbols are being called.


vsim Message # 12007:
Please check whether this is a potential flow issue and whether there is known
dependency between the two shared libraries mentioned in the error message.
When a shared library is loaded via -pli/-sv_lib/-sv_liblist switches, its
global symbols will not be exported to other shared libraries. If there are cyclic
dependency between two shared libraries, consider creating a single shared libray instead.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12008:
-undefsyms option syntax is not specified correctly.


vsim Message # 12009:
Please fix the undefined function in the shared library given in the error message.


vsim Message # 12010:
Please check the list of supported types at the Verilog/VHDL mixed language boundary.
Re-run simulation without -mlopt.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12011:
To ensure simulation objects can be accessed from PLI/VPI functions, users need to specify
the appropriate visibility control options. This is done by specifying targeted or global
access options or -tab option with vsim -voptargs option in 2-step vopt flow. -tab option
or targeted access options are preferred over global access options.


vsim Message # 12012:
Parameterized class types which specialize additional types must
ensure that the set of types is bounded.  Common issues arise when
creating C#(p+1) within a parameterized class with 'p' as a parameter.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12013:
There is a mismatch in the platform or signature fields of the profile database and the symbol file.
Choose a symbol file with matching platform for this profile database.


vsim Message # 12014:
Please check the port/interconnect delay specified at mixed language boundary.


vsim Message # 12016:
SystemC module on top of VHDL or Verilog module is not supported for
mixed language optimization.
Re-run simulation without -mlopt.


vsim Message # 12017:
Many binary operators defined in package ieee.std_logic_1164 have
the requirement that both operands be one-dimensional arrays of the same
length.


vsim Message # 12018:
All packed types are supported. The unpacked arrays are also supported.
All the dynamic types are unsupported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12019:
The simulator invocation option was not correctly specified. Please check for:
- Correct number of arguments
- Proper syntax
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim Message # 12020:
The IEEE 1800-2012 LRM states in section 7.8.1 that "Associative arrays that specify a
wildcard index type shall not be used with array manipulator methods that return an index
value or an array of values."
Similarly sections 7.9.4 to 7.9.7 state that traversal methods cannot be used for such arrays.
"-permissive" or "-suppress 7058" options can be used to override this behavior,
however the index type will be longint and the index range should not exceed longint range

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12021:
The resolution functions of the user defined real nets connected through the port
connection must be the same.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12022:
The resolution functions of the user defined real net and wreal connected through the port
connection must be the same. Either specify a different resolution function or use the
'nocheck' option with the -wreal_resolution switch.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12023:
The inbuilt task/function name is invalid. Please check System Verilog LRM
for the list of predefined system tasks/functions.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - Section 20]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12024:
Only dyanmic arrays using a '[]' declaration form such as 'int a[];'
may be allocated using 'new'. Associative arrays ('int a[int]')
do not permit the use of 'new'.


vsim Message # 12025:
In a vsim run, vopt options are specified using the "-voptargs" switch


vsim Message # 12026:
Dynamic arrays of dynamic arrays or a combination of dynamic and
 unpacked arrays or array of strings or dynamic arrays in structure
 or dynamic array of structure are not supported for $fread system call.


vsim Message # 12027:
The type of the specified object in a module instantiation port list is
incompatible with the type of the port to which it is being connected.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12028:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 11.4.14]


vsim Message # 12029:
Negative or Zero size provided for Array of Instance in generate loop.
Eg: Module mod[-1]()


vsim Message # 12030:
Covergroup object must be constructed explicitly via 'new'.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12031:
Currently INTERCONNECT delay pulse error/reject behavior is
not implemented for optimized cell inputs. If the error/reject
limits are non-zero this suppressible message is emitted.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12032:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is invalid.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12033:
Assertion types supported are: concurrent(1), simple immediate(2), observed deferred(4),
final deferred(8) and expect(16).


vsim Message # 12034:
Directive types supported are: assert(1), cover(2) and assume(4).


vsim Message # 12035:
Vopt is not able to fully evaluate one or more expressions involving
conditional generate statements in the design. As a result, vopt can
not determine if a this component instance will actually be generated when
the design is loaded. If the specified component is actually
generated, then an error will occur because Verilog UDP instantiated from VHDL
is not supported.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Mixed VHDL and Verilog Designs Chapter]


vsim Message # 12036:
The specified name in a simple or hierarchical reference cannot be found
as an instance or object in the design.
If the reference is a VHDL external name or is otherwise a hierarchical
reference into a VHDL scope, a common possible reason the name cannot be
found is that the name denotes a PROCESS statement label or a subprogram
name; such external names are illegal in the VHDL language (see message
#8868 as well).  Another possible reason the name cannot be found is
that a pathname element denotes an instance that has not yet been
elaborated.  In particular, an alias that denotes an external name
cannot be declared in the declarative region in which an instance being
referenced occurs.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12037:
Streaming concat operator in LHS can only be applied on variables.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 11.4.14]


vsim Message # 12038:
The regular expression specified with string function search/match could
not be evaluated.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12039:
The simulator iterates at a given simulation time in zero delay until
there is no more activity at that time. In order for it to not hang if
there is a zero-delay oscillation, it limits the number of iterations.
The simulation is running with -iterationlimit=f which automatically
increases the limit as needed and reports the final setting at the end
of simulation.


vsim Message # 12040:
The vtable in the class item belongs to an inconsistent class specialisation.


vsim Message # 12041:
There can only be one client of logging using QIS at a time.


vsim Message # 12042:
When an option available in both vsim and vopt is used in both vsim and
vopt with different values, vsim option takes precedence over vopt option.


vsim Message # 12043:
A builtin method is being called on a non-existent array element.  The action is ignored.


vsim Message # 12044:
An alias denoting a signal cannot be referenced via an external name
until after the denoted signal has been elaborated.
The default value for the type of the signal is being used instead.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 8.7 External names]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 14.2 Elaboration of a design hierarchy]


vsim Message # 12045:
The watchpoint object specified was updated, but no information as to the
context of where the object value was changed is available.  The simulation
will be stopped as soon as is possible after this message is output.


vsim Message # 12046:
The watchpoint object specified was updated, but no information as to the
actual file/line of the update was available. The simulation will be stopped
as soon as is possible after this message is output.


vsim Message # 12047:
The watchpoint object specified was updated at the given file/line but the line
of code specified could not have a breakpoint inserted.  The simulation will be
stopped after the process/thread updating the object value finishes.


vsim Message # 12048:
The currently selected thread or process has nothing left
to do.  Select another thread to continue stepping, or use
the run command to advance simulation time.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - step command]


vsim Message # 12049:
There is no thread selected to perform the step operation.
Please select the active thread, or run the simulation
forward to reach a breakpoint and the simulation stops
with an active thread.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - step command]


vsim Message # 12050:
Parameter override must be done with constant expression only.


vsim Message # 12051:
Static casting is allowed for classes only if
the expression is assignment compatible with the casting type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 6.24.1 Cast operator]


vsim Message # 12052:
The PLI/VPI task/function registrations via init_usertfs, veriusertfs, and vlog_startup_routines
have higher precedences than the registration via PLI Catalog file. When the same task/function is
registered in both mechanisms, the latter will be ignored. The linkage information could be also
ignored when the same system task/function is already registered in another PLI Catalog.


vsim Message # 12053:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12054:
The specified port is not connected but the default value is provided.
 See previous error (#2684) for more information.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vsim Message # 12055:
Within a fork-join_any or fork-join_none block, it shall be illegal to refer to formal
arguments passed by reference other than in the initialization value expression of variables
declared in a block_item_declaration of the fork.
This message is suppressible with static actual arguments
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 9.3.2 "Parallel blocks"]


vsim Message # 12056:
In 2-step flow, if the vopt is run with -reporthrefs option, then the simulation will not be run.


vsim Message # 12057:
There are some possible downstream problems with type consistency checking of
parameterized virtual interfaces. If they should occur, this warning may help
diagnose them.


vsim Message # 12058:
Section 31.9.1, Requirements for accurate simulation, in the IEEE
1800-2009 states that a violation window smaller than 2 units of
simulation precision cannot yield a timing violation.
 These small violation regions prevent a delay net delay solution
from solving and are disabled by zeroing their limits.
To prevent this behavior the simulation time unit should be adjusted
to a finer setting. This warning is controlled by
the vsim option +ntc_warn.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - Verilog Simulation Chapter]


vsim Message # 12059:
Please check the usage of binsof() expression in the cross bin mentioned in the error message.


vsim Message # 12060:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12061:
Parameter override from configuration instantiation is currently not supported.


vsim Message # 12062:
Streaming concat operator in LHS should be applied on variables,field expressions
and bit/part select only.


vsim Message # 12063:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vsim Message # 12064:
There are multiple versions of interface in the design. Suppressing this error can cause
incorrect simulation results or a crash if there are any virtual interface instance
of interface in the design.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12065:
The optimizer was not able to detect that this interface instance
is assigned to a virtual interface (possibly in a protected unit).
You probably need to use +acc on it to avoid a runtime error.


vsim Message # 12066:
The specified value range is empty as the specified value is also exclusive.


vsim Message # 12067:
The specified value range has infinite or non-a-number value. Infinite values are allowed
in ranges of scalar coverpoint bins only, array bins may not have infinite range values.


vsim Message # 12068:
This error indicates that the design is violating rules for concurrent
transactions.  Normally, transactions may be concurrent with each other
on a stream.  The TX engine creates sub streams (fibers) as needed to keep
things organized.  In particular, using start or end times that are not
the current simulation time may force the TX engine to move a transaction
to a new or unexpected sub stream.  This is normal.

Phase transactions, those started with a reference to another transaction,
add additional limits.  Specifically, the TX engine can't create extra
sub streams to resolve concurrency issues.  Therefore, the start and end
times on phase transactions are monitored.  In particular, the start and
end times must be no earlier/later than the start/end of the parent
transaction or any of ITS ancestors.  In addition, the phase transaction
may not overlap any of its peers (other phase transactions with the
same parent transaction).

If this warning includes the text 'was forced to adjust', it means that the TX
engine actually changed the start or end time to comply with the rules for
transaction concurrency.  If the text includes the words 'suggests adjusting',
it means the TX engine noticed a problem, but has not done anything about it.


vsim Message # 12069:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12070:
Incorrect behavior may occur if different force statements target
common bits of the same variable. The most recent force of a common
bit does not cancel an earlier force of the same bit.


vsim Message # 12071:
Autobin generation is not allowed for real type coverpoints. So explicit normal user bin
specification is necessary for real type coverpoints.


vsim Message # 12072:
The specified object is a NULL array and cannot be logged in the EZwave .wdb
waveform file or displayed in the EZwave viewer.


vsim Message # 12073:
Real type coverpoints and crosses constructed with any real type coverpoint are removed
from the loaded design if -svext=-realcvg option is used in compilation. To enable those
items the user needs to compile the source code without the -svext=-realcvg option. The
user can also specify -svext=realcvg option in vopt to enable all those covergroup items.


vsim Message # 12074:
Constraints with 'real' variables and constants are not supported in BDD engine.
ACT engine will be used to solve constraints containing real datatypes.


vsim Message # 12075:
Real constraints that appear in randc context are not supported and will result in error.


vsim Message # 12076:
For features that require reading values of simulation objects,
-access=r+<objectselection> must be used to ensure the desired
objects are actually readable at simulation time.
Please refer to User's Manual for more details.


vsim Message # 12077:
For features that require writing values to simulation objects,
-access=w+<objectselection> must be used to ensure the desired
objects are actually writable at simulation time.
Please refer to User's Manual for more details.


vsim Message # 12078:
Constant functions like $bits, used to initialize parameters,
must refer to a type or to a local variable.


vsim Message # 12079:
For more information on bit-stream casting, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 6.24.1 Cast operator]


vsim Message # 12080:
For more information on bit-stream casting, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 6.24.1 Cast operator]


vsim Message # 12081:
The step -current command requires a valid active process.


vsim Message # 12082:
There are not breakpoint capable executable lines in this thread or process.


vsim Message # 12083:
Usage: +sdf_zero_ceiling/<floating_point_ceiling_value>
       Zero's all SDF values exceeding the ceiling value.


vsim Message # 12084:
Usage: +sdf_zero_ceiling/<floating_point_ceiling_value>
       Zero's all SDF values exceeding the ceiling value.


vsim Message # 12085:
Usage of +sdf_zero_ceiling/<floating_point_ceiling_value>
 has resulted in atleast one SDF value being set to zero.
 This warning is only printed once and the total number
 of values set to zero is reported by +sdf_verbose.


vsim Message # 12086:
Possibly a load_elab or checkpoint file has been created without a -visualizer option.


vsim Message # 12087:
Build with ENABLE_XCLASS_DEBUG for diagnostics.


vsim Message # 12088:
No module path in a specify block in the related module instance was
found to match the SDF construct on the specified line. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied to the correct design instance and that
a specify block exists in this module instance and contains the
appropriate module path. If a COND is being used, verify that the order
of the condition is the same in the specify block as it is in the SDF
file. Also verify that vlog or vsim wasn't run with "+nospecify".
NOTE: If the SDF IOPATH statements have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify paths have atomic wide ports (e.g A),
specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will fix this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12089:
No module path in a specify block in the related module instance was
found to match the SDF construct on the specified line. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied to the correct design instance and that
a specify block exists in this module instance and contains the
appropriate module path. If a COND is being used, verify that the order
of the condition is the same in the specify block as it is in the SDF
file. Also verify that vlog or vsim wasn't run with "+nospecify".
NOTE: If the SDF statements have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify paths have atomic wide ports (e.g A),
specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will fix this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12090:
No timing check in a specify block in the related module instance was
found to match the SDF construct on the specified line. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied to the correct design instance and that
a specify block exists in this module instance and contains the
appropriate timing check.
NOTE: If the SDF timing constraints have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify block timing constraints have atomic
wide ports (e.g A) specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will
fix this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12091:
No timing check in a specify block in the related module instance was
found to match the SDF construct on the specified line. Verify that
the SDF file is being applied to the correct design instance and that
a specify block exists in this module instance and contains the
appropriate timing check.
NOTE: If the SDF timing constraints have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify block timing constraints have atomic
wide ports (e.g A) specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will
fix this error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12092:
The '+maxmultid=[max-limit]' sub-option of '-vcd' option controls
the maximum size of multi-d arrays that are logged in VCD.
The default limit is 1024.


vsim Message # 12096:
The provided suboption is not valid for this option.


vsim Message # 12097:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12098:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12099:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12100:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12101:
Use of bit and part-select expressions is not supported.  The
directive will be treated as applying to the entire interconnect.


vsim Message # 12102:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12103:
If the SDF IOPATH statements have bit-blasted wide port names,
===== (e.g. A[3]) and the specify paths have atomic wide ports (e.g A),
specifying "+bitblast" on vsim command line will fix this error.
Also specify paths like "(A *> Y[1],Y[3])", "(A[3] *> Y[5],Y[7],Y[9])" requires +bitblast in vsim.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12104:
The word size of profile data collected or loaded does not match the word
size of the database being opened.


vsim Message # 12105:
The profile database referenced is not compatible with data previously loaded or collected.


vsim Message # 12106:
Check to insure the correct sym file is specified.


vsim Message # 12107:
Please use -svext=arif in vlog to allow ref argument in fork-join block.


vsim Message # 12108:
Performace profile data may be merged with performance data previously collected or opened.
It cannot be merged with older performance data collected from older versions of Questa and
it cannot be merged with memory profling data. Memory profile data cannot be merged with
previously loaded memory profile data.


vsim Message # 12109:
An incorrect number of arguments was supplied to the command which
caused this message to occur. The usage of the command should be
displayed after the error message.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference]


vsim Message # 12110:
-novopt option is now deprecated. -novopt causes simulation to run very slow and is
no longer a recommended option. Users should stop using this option. It will be
removed in future releases.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12111:
Please check to see if the sc_event object that is being deleted
has already been deleted previously. Run 'vsim -valgrind <VSIM_COMMAND_LINE>'
to debug this issue further.


vsim Message # 12112:
A checkpoint file that was not created during the current session of
vsim cannot be restored with the restore command. Instead, you must quit
vsim and reinvoke it with the -restore option.


vsim Message # 12113:
VSIDL is required for facilitating the requested functionality.
Option -access=[r|w]+<objectselection> must be used with vopt to
enable VSIDL on desired objects.
Please refer to User's Manual for more details.


vsim Message # 12114:
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 11.4.14]


vsim Message # 12115:
SDF annotation of timing objects that involve variable ports is not supported.


vsim Message # 12116:
Toggle Coverage fine tuning for unpacked arrays at runtime is now deprecated
and will be removed in future releases. coverconstructs are recommended for
fine tuning toggle coverage.


vsim Message # 12117:
Toggle Coverage fine tuning for verilog integers at runtime is now deprecated
and will be removed in future releases. coverconstructs are recommended for
fine tuning toggle coverage.


vsim Message # 12118:
Setting the stack size of SC_THREADs greater than the default stack size (1 Mb) may lead
to the host system running out of memory depending on how many threads are created
in the design. Increase the stack size for SC_THREADs only if necesssary.


vsim Message # 12119:
Specifield field number into struct or union does not exist.


vsim Message # 12120:
Out of bound access is done on the right hand side of the expression.


vsim Message # 12121:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12122:
The assignment of covergroup option/type_option variable is either invalid or effectless.


vsim Message # 12123:
Called PLI function will be removed in future releases.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12124:
Used option -plicompatdefault will be removed in future releases.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12125:
Certain actions like 'restart -f' will cause the
error and warning counts to be reset.


vsim Message # 12126:
Error and warning counts are restored to the value
that they had when the restoration state was created.


vsim Message # 12128:
-vcdstim only supports EVCD values.  For limited support for VCD, set
the environment variable "MTI_VCDSTIM_OLD".


vsim Message # 12129:
The memory profiler is depreciated as the topdown memory decomposition of capstats has replaced it.
Use 'vsim -capacity' or 'vsim -capacity=line' and the capstats command.


vsim Message # 12130:
This Tcl command is not supported when QIS is enabled.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 12131:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12132:
Internal error occurred while processing Forward SAIF file to generate Backward SAIF data.


vsim Message # 12133:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 12134:
-compress_elab option is now deprecated and will be removed in future releases.
 By default elab flow generates compressed elab file.


vsim Message # 12135:
The string specifying the randstate is not valid. The string should be that
returned by a call to get_randstate() or reported in a rng trace report.


vsim Message # 12136:
The SDF annotator can not annotate on the tran port. If annotated that may
result in segregation of tran network and incorrect tran value resolution.


vsim Message # 12400:
An SDF file read directly in a design being simulated with vsim cannot
contain "`pragma" syntax.  If this syntax denotes protected SDF, then
the sdfcom utility to compile the protected SDF file must be used.


vsim Message # 12401:
Syntax error.


vsim Message # 12402:
Syntax error.


vsim Message # 12403:
An unknown pragma protect keyword was encountered.


vsim Message # 12404:
An unknown pragma protect sub-keyword was encountered.
Some pragma protect keywords, such as "encoding", have sub-keywords
associated with them as part of their value.  The sub-keyword encountered
is not a legal one for the pragma protect keyword.


vsim Message # 12405:
The pragma protect keyword is not relevant and is being ignored.


vsim Message # 12406:
The pragma protect keyword has already been specified.


vsim Message # 12407:
The pragma protect keyword value is either not legal or is unsupported.


vsim Message # 12408:
The indicated pragma protect keyword has not been specified.


vsim Message # 12409:
The specified pragma protect keyword requires the specified sub-keyword to be present.


vsim Message # 12410:
The key block was malformed.


vsim Message # 12411:
The key block was malformed.


vsim Message # 12412:
The decryption envelope has neither a "data_block" directive nor the block
of data after it.


vsim Message # 12413:
The keyword is not allowed to appear in an encryption envelope.


vsim Message # 12450:
Protected SDF can annotate only protected instances.


vlog Message # 13000:
An enumerated name with x or z assignments assigned to an enum with no explicit data type
or an explicit 2-state declaration shall be a syntax error.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2009 System Verilog LRM - 6.19 Enumerations].


vlog Message # 13001:
An unassigned enumerated name that follows an enum name
with X or Z assignments shall be a syntax error.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2009 System Verilog LRM - 6.19 Enumerations].


vlog Message # 13002:
Enum must have a unique value this can be a case when previous enum member is assigned with X or Z.


vlog Message # 13003:
Any enumeration encoding value that is outside
the representable range of the enum base type shall be an error.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2009 System Verilog LRM - 6.19 Enumerations].


vlog Message # 13004:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13005:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13006:
Package declarations must be compiled before being referenced.


vlog Message # 13007:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13008:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13009:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13010:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13011:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13012:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13013:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13014:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13015:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13016:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13017:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13018:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13019:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13020:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13021:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13022:
The 1800-2012 LRM specifies that a solve_before_list is defined as
a list of comma-separated identifiers each with an optional
select. Built-in methods with parenthesis such as ".size()" are
not strictly legal.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 18.5]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13023:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13024:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13025:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13026:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13027:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13028:
The 1800 LRM requires the keyword 'inside' to be followed
by a left-brace.
This error can be suppressed via the '-permissive' flag.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 11.4.13]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13029:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13030:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13031:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13032:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13033:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13034:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13035:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13036:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13037:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13038:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13039:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13040:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13041:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13042:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13043:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13044:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13045:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13046:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13047:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13048:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13049:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13050:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13051:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13052:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13053:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13054:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13055:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13056:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13057:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13058:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13059:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13060:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13061:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13062:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13063:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13064:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13065:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13066:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13067:
An unrecognized SystemVerilog character with the given numerical value was
found in the source text.  The file name is followed by a line number and a '.'
followed by the character position on the line where the error is found.


vlog Message # 13068:
The specified key does not exist.


vlog Message # 13069:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13070:
Constraint Blocks declared within a class need to be defined outside the class.
For Constraint block declaration syntax, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 18.5 Constraint blocks]


vlog Message # 13071:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13072:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13073:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13074:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13075:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13076:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13077:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13078:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13079:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13080:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13081:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13082:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13083:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13084:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13085:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13086:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13087:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13088:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13089:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13090:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13091:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13092:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13093:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13094:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13095:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13096:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13097:
If a hierarchical identifier is intended as an implicit coverpoint,
turn on -svext=hierbinsof to enable this feature as a LRM extension.


vlog Message # 13098:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13099:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13100:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13101:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13102:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13103:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13104:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13105:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13106:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13107:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13108:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13109:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13110:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13111:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13112:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13113:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13114:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13115:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13116:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13117:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13118:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13119:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13120:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13121:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13122:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13123:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13124:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13125:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13126:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13127:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13128:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13129:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13130:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13131:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13132:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13133:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13134:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13135:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13136:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13140:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13144:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13145:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13146:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13148:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13149:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13150:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13152:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13153:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13155:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13156:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13157:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13158:
Bitwise operators '~|'(NOR) and '~&'(NAND) are not supported by default.
To enable the support run vlog with '-suppress 13158' switch.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13159:
The specified port is not connected but the default value is provided.
 See previous error (#2684) for more information.
This message is controlled by the vsim option +nowarnTFMPC.
[DOC: QuestaSim User's Manual - QuestaSim messages Appendix,
 Miscellaneous messages Section]


vlog Message # 13160:
A delay in always_ff block is not supported by default.
To enable the support run vlog with '-suppress 13074' switch.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13161:
SystemVerilog supports elaboration system tasks $fatal/$error/$warning/$info.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 20.11 Elaboration system tasks]


vlog Message # 13162:
This event is modified only in this always block.
The always block will never be triggered due to change in value of this event.


vlog Message # 13163:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13164:
The 'list_of_arguments' of an elaboration system task may only contain a
formatting string and constant expressions, including constant function calls.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 20.11 Elaboration system tasks]


vlog Message # 13167:
Components of virtual interface instance can only be used in procedural statements.
 [DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 25.9 Virtual interfaces]


vlog Message # 13168:
Specparam and defparam are not allowed inside an interface.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13169:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13170:
All expressions in generate schemes shall be constant expressions
deterministic at elaboration time.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 27.3 Generate construct syntax]


vlog Message # 13171:
This error is generated with -pedanticerrors option.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13172:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13173:
The number of elements referenced in an unpacked array concatenation
must match the size of the array it is assigned to.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13174:
The number of elements in an assignment pattern
must match the size of the array or struct it is assigned to.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13175:
A specialization is the combination of a specific generic class with a
unique set of parameters. Parameters can only be passed to a generic
parameterized class.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2017 System Verilog LRM - 8.25 Parameterized classes].

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13176:
There was an overflow while evaluating the expression.
This may cause unexpected behavior in some cases.


vlog Message # 13177:
This note is informative only. A concat expression is promoted
to an assignment pattern.


vlog Message # 13178:
Assignment patterns can only be used in assignment-like contexts.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 10.9 Assignment patterns]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13179:
According to BNF, elaboration system tasks cannot be defined in package scope.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM BNF elaborarion_system_task

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13180:
Assigning one array to another requires that the element type of the
right hand side array be assignment compatible with the left hand side
array.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13181:
The module is not visible. This may result in FATAL error in simulation

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13182:
A preprocessor directive which shares the same prefix as a valid
LRM-defined directive has been found. This might represent a design
error. This message is suppressible. The set of directive prefixes
that are checked include 'define', 'ifdef', 'ifndef',
'elsif', 'else', and 'endif'.


vlog Message # 13183:
The class resolution operator needs to use the unadorned class name and not the #() syntax
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2017 Verilog LRM - Section 8.23 "Class scope resolution operator
for parameterized classes"]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13184:
This warning indicates that an `ifdef or `ifndef directive was
started in a different file than its closing `endif directive.
While this is perfectly legal Verilog code, it can signify a
design error.  This message can be suppressed or promoted
to an error.


vlog Message # 13185:
The 'with' expression does not contain any coverpoint or cross identifiers.
Thus the 'with' expression will be either trivially TRUE or FALSE for the
whole coverage value space. Please verify the intention of 'with' expression.


vlog Message # 13186:
The -pduspec/-reporthrefs hierarchical reference extraction mechanism
cannot evaluate non-literal expressions. Therefore, it is unable to make
the corresponding entries in the output file for such hierarchical paths.


vlog Message # 13187:
The variable declared is too large. The array index must not exceed 32 bit.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13188:
One of the parallel vopt process exited with error.


vlog Message # 13189:
One of the parallel vopt process exited with error.


vlog Message # 13190:
Mc2com option is ignored during parsing.


vlog Message # 13191:
Please contact support for more information.


vlog Message # 13192:
Use of -refresh or -force_refresh precludes some other switches from having
any meaning or effect; these will be ignored.


vlog Message # 13193:
UCDBDESIGNTAG is a special attribute that identifies tags that need to be
put on the generated UCDB. The value of this attribute must be a comma
separated list of one or more design tags. Tags must be alphanumeric with
no spaces or special characters.


vlog Message # 13194:
UCDBDESIGNTAG is a special attribute that identifies tags that need to be
put on the generated UCDB. This attribute is only allowed to be used with
a module, interface or package.


vlog Message # 13196:
Only non-default normal bins are allowed in bin select expressions per LRM.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13197:
For more information on bit-stream casting, please refer to :
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 6.24.3 Bit-stream casting]


vlog Message # 13198:
Bit select into scalar variable is not allowed

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13199:
A streaming_concatenation shall be used either as the target of an assignment,
or as the source of an assignment, or as the operand of a bit-stream cast,
or as a stream_expression in another streaming_concatenation.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 11.4.14 Streaming operators (pack/unpack)]


vlog Message # 13200:
Use vopt option to bind checkers to targets.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13201:
Packed unions shall only contain members that are of integral data types.
The members of a packed, untagged union shall all be the same size
(in contrast to an unpacked union or a packed, tagged union, where
the members can be different sizes).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 7.3.1 Packed unions


vlog Message # 13202:
Action block cannot be specified for restrict statement in SVA.


vlog Message # 13203:
option.cross_auto_bin_max is removed from IEEE Std 1800-2005 and is not a supported feature.


vlog Message # 13204:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13205:
This error commonly occurs when a package reference in the unit scope
does not have a '::' following the package name. For example:
   package P; endpackage
   P /* Anything else other than '::' here should give an error. */


vlog Message # 13206:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13207:
The -override_precision option follows the -timescale option on the command line
 and has no arguments.  It uses the precision argument of the -timescale option
 to override all `timescale precisions encountered with out effecting the specified
 time units.
 It is inconsistent to use the -override_precision with the -override_timescale option.
Example usage: -timescale 1ns/1ps  -override_precison
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 13208:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13209:
Only one 'default:value' entry is allowed in an assignment pattern.


vlog Message # 13210:
Each element of an associative array assignment pattern must be of
the form 'key:value'.


vlog Message # 13211:
Either the vector declaration or the parameter value passed needs to be modified
to prevent out of bounds access.


vlog Message # 13212:
The covergroup sampling event specification is non-LRM compliant.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 19.3]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13213:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13214:
Assignment patterns in constraints are always treated as constant, even if the value
of the assignment pattern refers to a random variable.


vlog Message # 13215:
It is illegal to assign an unpacked array or struct to a packed
variable.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13216:
An assignment is from an incompatible type.


vlog Message # 13217:
The variables in this operation are not of compatible types.


vlog Message # 13218:
The interface is not defined. If an instance of the interface is declared then additional errors
will be reported. Parameters specified for the virutal may be ingored for type checking
If the virtual is specified as the parameter value for a class specialization then multiple
specialization of the class may be created where one specialization is expected.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13219:
Within a fork-join_any or fork-join_none block, it shall be illegal to refer to formal
arguments passed by reference other than in the initialization value expression of variables
declared in a block_item_declaration of the fork.
This message is suppressible with static actual arguments
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2009 Verilog LRM - Section 9.3.2 "Parallel blocks"]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13220:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13221:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13222:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13223:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13224:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13225:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13226:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13227:
Any time value greater than 32 bit number will be truncated.
For example 52111111561111ns will be truncated to 52111111500000ns.


vlog Message # 13228:
A bit-select index or part-select index contains an X or Z value in a context
where it is not allowed (for example as an index into an instance array or
generate loop).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 23.6 Hierarchical names]


vlog Message # 13229:
Check the the cross element mentioned in the error message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13230:
The argument of an ifdef macro should be a valid macro identifier. If the argument passed
to an ifdef macro begins with a number, the rest of the argument will be
treated as the body of the macro.


vlog Message # 13231:
Currently VHDL external names (hierarchical references) to System Verilog objects are not supported.
The Signal spy subprograms can be used instead to access some System Verilog objects from VHDL.


vlog Message # 13232:
Please recompile or refresh design unit to avoid any inconsistencies.


vlog Message # 13233:
A module, primitive, or other design unit already exists in the library.
The design unit currently being compiled will overwrite this existing
design unit.


vlog Message # 13234:
+define command line option overrides both `define and `undef macros. To enable `undef for a
macro defined using +define command line option, use the -nooverrideundef command line option.


vlog Message # 13235:
It is illegal to cross the coverpoints from a different covergroup. Use
compiler switch -svext=hiercross1 to turn on the hierarchical cross support.


vlog Message # 13236:
It is a LRM extension to cross the coverpoints from a different covergroup.
This feature is enabled by the compiler switch -svext=hiercross1.


vlog Message # 13237:
The hierarchical covergroup with sampling event or its own coverpoints is not supported.
These additional feature can be enabled by the compiler switch -svext=hiercross2.


vlog Message # 13238:
This parameter override will be neglected.


vlog Message # 13239:
Positional parameter overriding from config is not allowed kindly use named parameter association.
[DOC: IEEE std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 33.4.3 Setting parameters in configurations]


vlog Message # 13240:
This parameter override will be neglected.


vlog Message # 13241:
Hierarchical references cannot include scopes of generate or array of instances.
[DOC: IEEE std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - 33.4.3 Setting parameters in configurations]


vlog Message # 13242:
Overriding type parameter from config is currently not supported.


vlog Message # 13243:
This parameter override will be neglected.


vlog Message # 13244:
Instead of :
target = {>> bit [31:0] {stream_bits}};
use :
typedef bit [31:0] new_type;
target = {>> new_type {stream_bits}};

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13245:
Incorrect usage of 'this' keyword.
SV LRM section 8.11 declares that the 'this' keyword shall only be used within
non-static class methods, constraints , inlined constraint methods,
or covergroups embedded within classes.


vlog Message # 13246:
The 1800-2012 LRM states "Macro substitution and argument substitution shall
not occur within string literals." However, this restriction can be relaxed with
the compiler command line option "-svext=+islm". It is strongly advised to not
use this switch while reading or writing encrypted intellectual property (IP).


vlog Message # 13247:
Coverpoint expressions of real type may only have exclusive ranges. Exclusive ranges do
not make any sense in coverpoints of integral types.


vlog Message # 13248:
Transition bins, 'with' expressions and covergroup value set in bin values, are not
supported in real valued coverpoints.


vlog Message # 13249:
Missing instance name in instantiation.


vlog Message # 13250:
LRM P1800-2012 Section 35.5.4 declares that an import declaration is equivalent to defining
a subroutine of that name in the SystemVerilog scope in which the import declaration occurs.
Multiple imports of the same subroutine name into the same scope are forbidden.
If this error is introduced by including the SV header file multiple times, try using a macro
to ensure that a header file can only be included once.


vlog Message # 13251:
More parameters were found in specialization than were
expected for the class.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13252:
Another symbol with the same name already exists in the scope.


vlog Message # 13253:
As per LRM, checkers cannot be instantiated in the procedural code of
another checker.


vlog Message # 13254:
The prototypes for these built-in functions are:
function void pre_randomize();
function void post_randomize();
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Section 18.6.2]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13255:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13256:
The name of a C exported type cannot be overloaded to map to two different SV user defined types.
The DPI exported type name should be made unique. To ignore this error, use -svext=noexptc switch.


vlog Message # 13257:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is invalid.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13258:
Only one default condition is allowed in case-endcase property.


vlog Message # 13259:
Missing instance name in instantiation of module/program/interface.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13260:
Hierarchical references from other hierarchy into this module
or access setting in command line, preclude it from qualifying
for the cell optimization.


vlog Message # 13261:
Illegal syntax "<class_item_qualifier> pure virtual" use "pure <class_item_qualifier> virtual".
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 Verilog LRM - Syntax 8-1--Class syntax (excerpt from Annex A)]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13262:
LRM Section 25.9: 'they [virtual interface elements] cannot be used
in continuous assignments or sensitivity lists'.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13263:
Combinationa UDP entries are not allowed to have edge-senstive values.
Refer LRM-1364-2005 Section 8.1,8.2


vlog Message # 13264:
More than one transition specification input in udp table entry.
Each table entry can have a transition specification on at most one input.
Refer LRM-1364-2005 Section 8.4


vlog Message # 13265:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13266:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13267:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13268:
LRM section 19.5 and 19.6, expression after iff should be within parenthesis.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13269:
Please contact support.


vlog Message # 13270:
Suppressible error report to engineering.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13271:
'$sdf_annotate' is ignored in case +nospecify option is passed explicitly
or internally with options like -seq_udp_delay.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13272:
When this error is supressed function will return the default value
of the return type of the function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13273:
Operator not supported with real operands.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13274:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13275:
A protected region was encountered when the -E option was given.  The resulting
output file may not contain a complete design since the contents of the
protected region (i.e., any preprocessor directives there) are not processed;
the protected region is simply copied verbatim into the -E output file.
This error is suppressible. However, suppressing the error may not result in
the -E output being correct and complete.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13276:
Field/method name not found.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13277:
Class specialisation (-opt=specialise) is not supported in this release.


vlog Message # 13278:
This error is suppressible. However suppressing the error will ignore the array indices.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13279:
A dot (.) after function call is not allowed on the left hand side of an expression.
For example expression 'func().data[3] = 1;' is not allowed.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13280:
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - A.1.6  Interface items].


vlog Message # 13281:
Please refer to the IEEE 1800-2009 LRM section 18.5 "Constraint
blocks." Constraint expression syntax allows for the 'soft' keyword
to precede 'expression_or_dist' but not 'if' (including implicant)
constraints.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13282:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13283:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13284:
This error is suppressible. When this error is supressed, un-initialized
variables in for loop shall take default value.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13285:
User could not warrant that output driven by tristate would not be multiply driven
and set +checkINTRI.


vlog Message # 13286:
The non-constant indices are evaluated just once at the time the force is executed
and force value is not updated subsequently when any of the indices change value.


vlog Message # 13287:
This error is generated with -pedanticerrors option.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13288:
+define+ uses plus symbol (+) as a separator which is ambiguous for macros
that contain the plus symbol and may result in unintentional or partial macro definitions.
Use -define for macro definitions that include the plus symbol to avoid this ambiguity.


vlog Message # 13289:
No equal symbol (=) separator found in argument after macro name.
All command line macro definitions should be of the form <macro_name>[=<macro_text>].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13290:
The 1800 LRM does not allow for timing checks to have
parenthesized 'reference_event' productions.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13291:
The variable has already been declared within the clocking
block scope. This error can be suppressed. When suppressed,
only the first lexical clocking block declaration is
considered.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13292:
Please refer to the IEEE 1800-2012 LRM section 23.11 "Binding
auxiliary code to scopes or instances." It shall be an error for
a bind_instantiation to introduce an instance name that clashes with
another name in the module name space of the target scope.
This error can be suppressed. In that case the duplicate bind instances will be ignored.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13293:
Suppressing this error will iterate foreach loop once.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13294:
Ports must be specified with their port mode.


vlog Message # 13295:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13296:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13297:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13298:
There is no additional information for this message.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13299:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13300:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13301:
Compilation will stop after the "count" errors/warnings,
controlled by switch -msglimit [error|warning] -msglimitcount <count>.


vlog Message # 13302:
The IEEE 1800-2012 specification requires that case statements contain at least one branch.
This message can be suppressed.
[DOC: IEEE STD 1800-2017 System Verilog LRM - 12.5 Case statement].

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13303:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13304:
It is a reserved word and may not be used as identifier. Treating it as `include.


vlog Message # 13305:
The specified object was used in an expression that does not allow this
type of object to be used.

Example:
In the example below referring to an object of type shortreal or realtime in the sequences
prints this error if the -pedanticerrors option is set, else there is no error displayed.

module seq40(output out1, input in1, in2, clk);

shortreal sr;
realtime  rt;

clocking dram @ (posedge clk);
input #1ps in2;

   sequence s;
      sr ##2 in1;
   endsequence
   sequence s1;
      rt ##3 in2;
   endsequence
endclocking

endmodule

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13306:
While scanning the design, a protected object was encountered.
This information will be missing from the output file, or will be replaced
with an identifier such as "#PROTECTED#".


vlog Message # 13307:
A user-defined primitive (UDP) was encountered for replacement with analog block,
which is not supported.  As a workaround, consider wrapping UDP in a Verilog module
for replacement.


vlog Message # 13308:
The DPI function/task prototype in the error message is not supported. Refer to
the error message for more details.


vlog Message # 13309:
Genvar cannot be assigned value except generate-for statement. Check that
there are no assignment/increment/decrement expressions in the right hand
side of generate for-loop iteration.


vlog Message # 13310:
The compiler is unable to use SystemVerilog 1800-2017 keywords for one
or more reasons.  Check to see that the command line does not
explicitly specify an older version of Verilog.  Also verify that
source file extensions imply SystemVerilog (i.e.: .sv) if the
SystemVerilog switch (-sv) has not been used.


vlog Message # 13311:
A net or variable with same name has already been declared with a type.
Port declaration must come before the net or variable declaration.


vlog Message # 13312:
Only variables and literals are supported as range expression
when the bind statement is elaborated in vsim instead of vopt.
This can happen when either the bind statement is being compiled with -novopt option,
or the design-unit containing bind statement is being
loaded together with an optimized top in vsim.
In case of former, please use vopt flow. In case of later, please run vopt on the
design-unit containing the bind statement


vlog Message # 13313:
Net is declared with drive strengh but without continuous assignment. Downgrading the
error ignores the drive strengh.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13314:
An input port that is declared with a type but without the 'var' keyword
should default to 'wire' for strict LRM conformance. The default compile
option of -svinputport=relaxed is not LRM compliant, and only defaults
4-state scalar or 4-state single dimension vector types to 'wire'.
Consider using -svinputport=net for strict conformance. See the vlog -help
text for other behaviors available with the -svinputport option.


vlog Message # 13315:
The value of specified parameter has been given using -g or -G option. Unsized literal
value is treated as 32-bit signed integer and it may overflow on downgrading the message.
Sized literal constant may be used to avoid overflow.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13316:
Part-select indices that evaluate to x or z may be flagged as a compile time error.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13317:
Interactions between -libmap and -v/-y on the vlog command line
can place compiled objects in an unexpected library.


vlog Message # 13318:
Given option is not supported for executable, use correct option as suggested in message.


vlog Message # 13319:
One of the parallel vopt or viscom process exited with error.


vlog Message # 13320:
Qrun was unable to determine the top-level module or architecture
automatically.  Use '-top <design unit>' to specify it.  You may use
more than one -top argument.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vlog command]


vlog Message # 13321:
The specified argument is neither an option nor a filename that the Questa
tools recognize. If you are runing qrun then you can use -<tool>.ext="..."
to specify tool extensions.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - qrun commands]


vlog Message # 13322:
A class's forward declaration cannot be used in the following cases
while defining a function.
 1) To define a member function before the class body.
 2) To use the scope resolution operator '::' to define the return type
    of the function before the class body has been defined.


vlog Message # 13323:
Please contact support.


vlog Message # 13324:
The -wireasinterconnect option is overly aggressive in converting wires
to interconnect, which negatively impacts performance. Usage of vopt
-rnmautointerconnect is preferred because only wires connected upwards
from real/wreal/nettype/interconnect ports are converted.


vlog Message # 13325:
Specialisation prevented because of a know problem.


vlog Message # 13326:
The timeunit and timeprecision declarations shall precede any other items in the
current time scope.The timeunit and timeprecision declarations can be repeated as
later items, but must match the previous declaration within the current time scope.
[LRM section 3.14.2.2 The timeunit and timeprecision keywords]

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13327:
The IEEE 1800-2017 LRM allows for fixed-point numbers when
specifying time literals. In this location the compiler may accept
a fixed-point value, but the fractional portion of the number will
be ignored.


vlog Message # 13328:
The specified argument is not allowed in this context, such as in a
-filemap or -makelib clause.  An example would be a vsim-only option.


vlog Message # 13329:
In an option with suboptions, such as "-svext=..." or "-vlog.svext=...",
a suboption is not valid for any tool, or is specified for
the wrong tool.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13330:
The library specified with -makelib can't represent the same directory as
qrun's output directory ("qrun.out" by default, changed with -outdir.")


vlog Message # 13331:
Use type-casting on LHS of the asssignment.


vlog Message # 13332:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13333:
The number of elements in an assignment pattern
must match the size of the array or struct it is assigned to.


vlog Message # 13334:
A typedef to a class cannot be used to define a function of the class.
An out of body function declaration must have the class name::functionname syntax

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13335:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009 18.4 Random Variables for supported data types.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13336:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13337:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13338:
Processing by qrun is attempting to map a logical library name
to a physical library name. The logical library is already mapped to a
different physical library, and qrun will replace the older library
mapping.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - qrun commands]


vlog Message # 13339:
The -ext option must have a tool name prefix and an '=' followed by the
list of extensions; IE -vlog.ext=.xv,.sv


vlog Message # 13340:
The -TOOL.ext option is not valid for this tool.


vlog Message # 13341:
The -TOOL.ext extensions need to be of the form .*; IE -vlog.ext=.xv,.sv


vlog Message # 13342:
The library file is not compatible with the version of the compiler attempting to read the library.


vlog Message # 13343:
The given argument is not supported in qrun.


vlog Message # 13344:
To provide consistency in incremental compilations, unit declarations found
during on-demand compilation imported packages will not be imported into
global unit scope. To include these declarations in the global unit package,
compile the package normally prior to the first statement that imports it.


vlog Message # 13345:
This error is suppressible. The IEEE 1800 language's grammar
specifies that the timeunit and timeprecision keywords shall
precede any other items in the current time scope.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13346:
Qrun found no files to compile, and no design to simulate.


vlog Message # 13347:
Qrun needs the support of other executables to do its job.
This error appears when qrun fails to start a process to run a required tool.


vlog Message # 13348:
The specified UVM directory does not exist.


vlog Message # 13349:
The valid UVM versions are "uvm-1.1c", "uvm-1.1d", "uvm-1.2".


vlog Message # 13350:
The -history+redo command can only apply to one history item, not a range.


vlog Message # 13351:
The specified tool is not one that qrun recognizes.


vlog Message # 13352:
The attempted library mapping failed.


vlog Message # 13353:
Qrun stores its version in 'qrun.out/version'.  If this does not exist
('<unknown>') or is out of date, run 'qrun -clean' to re-initialize.


vlog Message # 13354:
You must specify which tool the -options applies to.


vlog Message # 13355:
The optional format string in -env was incorrectly specified.


vlog Message # 13356:
The specified compiler option is either invalid, requires an argument,
or had an unusable argument.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vcom/vlog/vopt/qrun commands]

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13357:
You must specify -end option in -TOOL.options.


vlog Message # 13358:
The specified option may only be used under the given condition(s).

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13359:
You must specify -end option.


vlog Message # 13360:
Verilog, or VHDL files should not be after -sysc option. It is expected C/C++
SystemC files after -sysc.


vlog Message # 13361:
No trigger event inferred in disable expression.
Expression maybe constant or don't have any triggers.


vlog Message # 13362:
Keyword 'new' is not allowed in default argument of task/function.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13363:
Extern block prefix must be of class type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13364:
Mixing of ANSI and non-ANSI style formal argument declarations is
not legal. Non-ANSI style tasks and functions do not have
parentheses after the task/function name.
ANSI example:
    task mytask1 (output int x, input logic y);
       ...
    endtask

Non-ANSI example:
    task mytask2;
       output x;
       input y;
       int x;
       logic y;
       ...
    endtask

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13365:
Dynamic types used in always_comb, always_latch, always (@*) are ignored
for the inferred sensitivity list.


vlog Message # 13366:
Questa is attempting to override an existing macro with a built-in
definition. If this message is suppressed, compilation will continue
with the definition overridden.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13367:
User can suppress this error, all checker instance(s) will be ignored in this case.

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vlog Message # 13368:
The memory profiler is no longer supported in parallel simulation flow.


vlog Message # 13369:
The specified argument is mismatch between two options. It requires the
argument of two options being the same.


vlog Message # 13370:
Visualizer does not support code coverage annotation in the source window.
Coverage will be collected but will not be displayed in Visualizer.


vlog Message # 13371:
The -novopt switch has been deprecated. If you are using this switch to
preserve visibility for Debug or PLI features, please see the User's Manual
section on Preserving Object Visibility with vopt"


vlog Message # 13372:
Please refer to the IEEE 1800-2009 LRM section 18.5 "Constraint
blocks." Constraint expression syntax allows for the 'soft' keyword
to precede 'expression_or_dist' but not 'unique' constraint.


vlog Message # 13373:
Mutually exclusive option "-batch/-c/-i", "-gui" given. The option is
ignored, and qrun do not pass it into vsim tool.


vlog Message # 13374:
An illegal library name was used in -makelib option. The name can contain
only alphanumeric characters and '_'.


vlog Message # 13375:
Option is not supported by Windows platform. Ex: visualizer options.


vlog Message # 13376:
The specific language construct is not supported yet in Parallel Simulator.


vlog Message # 13377:
Only one default work library can be specified.
If multiple -work options are used, only the one work library is taken.


vlog Message # 13378:
Currently DPI-SC import function/task support is restricted with
an upper limit of argument count when it is bound to a member function of
SystemC class (enabled in SystemC with macro SC_DPI_REGISTER_CPP_MEMBER_FUNCTION).
Since this limit is exceeded, it may trigger a fatal runtime error if the call
is executed. Please consider one of the following workarounds:
  1) convert the existing arguments into the fields of unpacked struct(s).
  2) bind the import to non-member function by using macro SC_DPI_REGISTER_CPP_FUNCTION)


vlog Message # 13379:
Please use equivalent acc option in this release.


vlog Message # 13380:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13381:
-vlog.ext=[+][ext],[ext],[ext]...
This switch allows the user to add less common file extensions to the list of
extensions that qrun uses to recognize SystemVerilog/Verilog source files.
The '' after the equals sign causes the list of extensions to be added (appended)
to the list of built-in default extensions. If the '' is omitted, the list of
extensions will replace (override) the built-in extensions with the list of
extensions following the equals sign. Note that the list of extensions must
be separated with a comma. Examples:
    qrun -vlog.ext=+.pkg,.h,abc
    qrun -vlog.ext=.pkg,.h,abc


vlog Message # 13382:
Mutually exclusive option "-compile", "-simulate" given. Only one of
-compile, or -simulate can be used


vlog Message # 13383:
It is mandatory to provide a UPF file using -pa_upf <filename> if -pa_tclfile is used.


vlog Message # 13384:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 13385:
Refer to IEEE Std 1800-2009.


vlog Message # 13386:
The -work switch is not supported by qrun. Use the switch:
-makelib <libname> <source files> <options> -endlib

It allows you to create a library and specify which files should be compiled
into it. You can specify multiple -makelib/-endlib command sets on the qrun command line.


vlog Message # 13387:
For simplicity and clarity of the script output, switches and library
refresh commands resulting from use of the -autoorder switch are not
emitted. If the script is executed, dependences between libraries may
result in compilation errors.


vlog Message # 13388:
This error is similar to error 2902. This error is suppressible.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13389:
This error indicates that a module, primitive, or other design
unit has already been compiled and that a package with the same
name is being compiled now.  Only the package will be placed into
the library.  This error will effectively prevent the -incr
argument from functioning correctly.  Suppressing or downgrading
this error will not allow -incr to have the desired functionality.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13390:
Option is not supported by a specific flow.


vlog Message # 13391:
Optimized class specialisation is incompatible with another option and has been disabled.


vlog Message # 13392:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13393:
$void is a non-LRM compliant SystemVerilog system function.
In order to facilitate cross-vendor compatibility,
Questa will interpret '$void(x)' as '(x)' in constraint contexts when the
compile-time 'voidsystf' SystemVerilog extension is enabled.


vlog Message # 13394:
A -voptargs argument must use the following form:
  -voptargs="argument list for vopt"


vlog Message # 13395:
The -o option, which specifies the name of the optimized design being
created, may not be present in the "-voptargs" value; this value is
used to supply arguments to vopt when it is implicitly run from vsim;
this implicit vopt run chooses its own optimized design name.


vlog Message # 13396:
Sub-option designfile should not be specified to "-visualizer" switch
for FLPS flow. Please use "-designdir <dir_name>" instead.


vlog Message # 13397:
SystemVerilog attributes should be written in standard format and used in standard locations only.
Use switch -svext=nsal to enable this usage.


vlog Message # 13398:
Assigning drive strength is only allowed for nets, UDPs and gates instances outputs.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13399:
Qrun stores its version in 'qrun.out/version'.  If this does not exist
('<unknown>'), the directory was not created by qrun.


vlog Message # 13400:
If a parameterized class is renamed using a typedef,
then the new type cannot be further specialized.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13401:
An assignment is from an incompatible type.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13402:
The variables in this operation are not of compatible types.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13403:
VHDL type or subtype is not supported for typed parameter binding in SV.


vlog Message # 13404:
Verify that the type of the variable can be legally used within
the non-blocking construct. Various versions IEEE 1800 standards
differ on the legality of this situation.


vlog Message # 13405:
Inout ports are not compatible with 2-state values. Tran has inout ports by default.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog Message # 13406:
Automatic variables are not allowed in builtin argument inside builtin.
e.g. $past(past(signal[i])) this type of expression is not allowed.


vlog Message # 13407:
Packed arays of unpacked types are not possible.


vlog Message # 13408:
Code coverage of some IPs such as uvm_*, ovm_*, mti_*, etc. used in designs is disabled by Questa.
These are known IPs that do not add value to coverage closure and are excluded from coverage.
Use "-coververbose" option in vopt to see the list of IPs excluded from coverage for this design.
Please refer the User's Manual section on "Code Coverage and Verification IP" for more information.


vlog Message # 13409:
qrun will consider only VHDL/Verilog compilation options in Lobo flow.


vlog Message # 13410:
Array pattern key should be constant expression or simple type or default.


vlog Message # 13411:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog Message # 13412:
LRM Section 9.4.2: 'Nonvirtual methods of an object and built-in methods or system functions
for an aggregate type are allowed in event control expressions as long as the type of the
return value is singular and the method is defined as a function, not a task.'.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 14000:
There are +cover and +nocover options specified for some region in the design.
Check vlog/vcom/vopt options to verify.


vcom-vlog Message # 14001:
The user needs to specify an object with vopt option -floatparameters/
-floatgenerics. Refer to user documentation.


vcom-vlog Message # 14002:
The only argument supported for option '-mfcu' is 'macro'.


vcom-vlog Message # 14003:
In modelsim.ini file, in vopt section, some variables were set to ignore
output of elaboration system tasks. These variables are as follows:
    IgnoreSVAInfo: $info
    IgnoreSVAWarning: $warning
    IgnoreSVAError: $error
    IgnoreSVAFatal: $fatal
When these variables are set to 0, the corresponding messages can be printed.


vcom-vlog Message # 14004:
Option similar to <library>.<design_unit> was encountered. Maybe this <library>
is not mapped. Wildcards can only be accepted in the name of a design unit.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 14005:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14006:
The specified argument to the specified system task or function is invalid.


vcom-vlog Message # 14007:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14008:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14009:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14010:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14011:
For the -libverbose option, the word 'prlib' can be specified after an
equal sign.
For example: -libverbose=prlib


vcom-vlog Message # 14012:
When vopt is run with option -reporthrefs or -pduspec,
it generates hierref files and skips the optimized design generation.


vcom-vlog Message # 14013:
When vopt is run with option -reporthrefs, floating of parameters/generics
is disabled to allow complete elaboration of the design.
This behavior can be disabled with option "-reporthrefs+g".


vcom-vlog Message # 14014:
VHDL hierarchical references (external names) are not supported in
reporthrefs mode.  They will be ignored and will not be listed in
reporthrefs output.


vcom-vlog Message # 14015:
Only Verilog modules are supported as boundaries in reporthrefs mode.


vcom-vlog Message # 14016:
The instance/module specified as boundary to -reporthrefs must resolve
to an object in the design.


vcom-vlog Message # 14017:
Duplicate PDU or tbxhierrefs specs will be ignored to generate a single output file.


vcom-vlog Message # 14018:
For the -createlib option, the word 'compress' can be specified after an
equal sign.
For example: -createlib=compress


vcom-vlog Message # 14100:
The specified tool directive or pragma is unknown, so it and the line
it is on will be ignored.


vcom-vlog Message # 14101:
The "-o" option specifies an absolute file pathname and therefore the
"-d" option cannot be used.


vcom-vlog Message # 14102:
The "-o" option specifies a file name that has directory name(s)
embedded in it and therefore the "-p" option cannot be used.


vcom-vlog Message # 14103:
At most, one of these switches can be specified:
   -autoprotect
   -auto2protect
   -auto3protect
   -auto5protect
   -autoprotect_all
They cannot be used with any of these options:
   -allow_veloce
   -wholefile
   -data_method
   -common
   -toolblock
   -keyring
   -header


vcom-vlog Message # 14104:
The specified error has occurred when using the "autoprotect" feature of
vencrypt.  Check the file for syntactical correctness.
This feature is enabled via one of these switches:
   -autoprotect
   -auto2protect
   -auto3protect
   -auto5protect
   -autoprotect_all


vcom-vlog Message # 14105:
The -pli_unprotected switch requires that one of the auto[N]protect switches
also be specified.  The auto[N]protect switches are:
   -autoprotect
   -auto2protect
   -auto3protect
   -auto5protect


vcom-vlog Message # 14106:
Problem accessing either the keyring directory or a file contained within it.


vcom-vlog Message # 14107:
Certain options require, or prohibit, the use of other options.
  o  Using either of the "-common", or "-keyring" options requires
     that at least one "-toolblock" option also be present.
  o  Option "-header" cannot be used with any of the recipe options
     or with "-wholefile".


vcom-vlog Message # 14108:
An invalid encryption (vencrypt or vhencrypt) option was specified.


vcom-vlog Message # 14109:
An input file contains a protect directive that conflicts with the
encryption recipe that is in effect.
If the directive is "version", then it will be ignored because a recipe
implies "version = 2".
If the directive is "begin_commonblock" or "begin_toolblock", then this
is not supported when a recipe has been specified.


vcom-vlog Message # 14110:
The version number is not one of 0, 1, or 2.  These are currently the
only valid versions.


vcom-vlog Message # 14111:
The IEEE Std 1735-2014 version in effect does not support the indicated
protection pragma directive.


vcom-vlog Message # 14112:
The line did not begin with either "`pragma protect" or "`protect", or
the protect directive is unknown.


vcom-vlog Message # 14113:
It is illegal to use the "version" keyword to change the version after
certain constructs of a different version have already been specified.
This includes a "version" value of 1 given when a recipe is being applied;
recipes are necessarily version = 2 or later.


vcom-vlog Message # 14114:
The keyword must not appear in an encryption envelope.  It is defined
and has meaning only in a decryption envelope.


vcom-vlog Message # 14115:
The keyword must not appear in a decryption envelope.  It is defined
and has meaning only in an encryption envelope.


vcom-vlog Message # 14116:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
encryption envelope.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.4 Encryption envelopes]


vcom-vlog Message # 14117:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
decryption envelope.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.5 Decryption envelopes]


vcom-vlog Message # 14118:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
encrypt key specification.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.4.2 Encrypt key specifications]


vcom-vlog Message # 14119:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
decrypt key block.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.5.2 Decrypt key blocks]


vcom-vlog Message # 14120:
A decrypt key block must contain one of each of the directives
key_keyowner, key_keyname, key_method, and encoding.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.5.2 Decrypt key blocks]


vcom-vlog Message # 14121:
The keywords "begin_toolblock", "begin_commonblock",
"end_toolblock", and "end_commonblock" each have the requirement
that they be the only directive on the line.


vcom-vlog Message # 14122:
A tool block cannot be nested inside a tool block or a common block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14123:
A common block cannot be nested inside a tool block or a common block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14124:
There can be at most one common block in either an encryption envelope
or a decryption envelope.


vcom-vlog Message # 14125:
It is an error to have multiple tool blocks with the same
"key_keyowner" and "key_keyname" pair.


vcom-vlog Message # 14126:
It is an error if a tool block or common block has not been closed with
a corresponding "end_toolblock" or "end_commonblock" directive.


vcom-vlog Message # 14127:
The keyword cannot appear within a tool block or a common block.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 7.4.4 Tool block and common block rules]


vcom-vlog Message # 14128:
The keyword can appear only within a common block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14129:
The keyword can appear only within a tool block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14130:
Using the license() or license_string() common condition in a "control" right
expression requires that a complete license specification appear lexically before
such use.  A license specification, which can be present only in a common
block, comprises a set of seven protect directives, six that are mandatory and one
that is optional.
  Mandatory directives:
    license_proxyname
    license_symmetric_key_method
    license_public_key_method
    license_keyowner
    license_keyname
    license_public_key
  Optional directive:
    license_attributes
These must appear lexically before the call to license() or license_string().
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 8.4 License specification]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 8.5 License proxy parameters]


vcom-vlog Message # 14131:
A tool block must contain one of each of "key_keyowner",
"key_keyname", "key_block", and "rights_digest_method".


vcom-vlog Message # 14132:
The only legal values for "rights_digest_method" are "sha256" and
"sha512".
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 5.3.1.4 Recommendation for digest algorithms]


vcom-vlog Message # 14133:
The rights digest computed for the tool block in the decryption envelope
does not match the rights digest contained in the tool block (in the string
literal after the "end_toolblock" keyword).


vcom-vlog Message # 14134:
The only recommended values for "data_method" are "aes128-cbc" and
"aes256-cbc".  QuestaSim extends this to include "aes192-cbc" also.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 5.3.1.1 Recommendation for session key encryption]


vcom-vlog Message # 14135:
The specified encoding method is either not known or not supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 14136:
The "control" keyword can appear only within a common block or a tool
block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14137:
A common block, if there is one, must occur before any tool blocks.
This is so the rights digest of each tool block can be computed in an
efficient manner.


vcom-vlog Message # 14138:
An error occurred when reading the specified public key.  The public
key appears on the line following the line with the corresponding protect
directive.


vcom-vlog Message # 14139:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
common block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14140:
The indicated protect directive can be specified only once in a given
tool block.


vcom-vlog Message # 14141:
A decrypt encrypt agent specification is required to appear prior to a
common block or tool block.  This is the "encrypt_agent" directive and
optionally the "encrypt_agent_info" directive.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076-2008 VHDL LRM - 24.1.5.1 General]


vcom-vlog Message # 14142:
[T]he name of each right shall be composed of lower-case letters,
digits, and underscores (_).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 7.4.2 Basic syntax]


vcom-vlog Message # 14143:
The name of a right cannot be the same as the name of a common condition
or the same as a possible value of a common condition value or common right.


vcom-vlog Message # 14144:
A "control" directive appearing in a common block and specifying a
right that is not a common right was found.
The set of common rights is defined in Clause 10 of the IEEE Std 1735-2014:
   decryption
   error_handling
   runtime_visibility
   child_visibility


vcom-vlog Message # 14145:
There was a problem with the syntax for the specified right in a
"control" directive.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 7.4.2 Basic syntax]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 7.4.5 Conditional rights]


vcom-vlog Message # 14146:
There was a semantic error encountered when processing the specified
right in a "control" directive.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 7.4.2 Basic syntax]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 7.4.5 Conditional rights]


vcom-vlog Message # 14147:
Only the protect directives "viewport" and "interface_viewport" may
appear within the block of source text delineated by the "begin" and
"end" protect directives.
Use of the protect directive "comment" is also legal, but such
comments will nonetheless appear in plain text in the decryption
envelope.


vcom-vlog Message # 14148:
The protect directives "viewport" and "interface_viewport" are
ignored when they do not appear within the block of source text
delineated by the "begin" and "end" protect directives of an
encryption envelope.
As a consequence, a decryption envelope will never contain either of
these directives in plain text; any such keyword appearing in plain text
in a decryption envelope is therefore also ignored.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 9.5.5 General rules for using either viewport pragma [V2]]


vcom-vlog Message # 14149:
A syntax error was encountered in the <name> or <lexically_scoped_name>
portion of a Version 2 "viewport" or "interface_viewport" protect
directive.
Such names must conform to the syntax of the language being used.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 9.5.5 General rules for using either viewport pragma [V2]]


vcom-vlog Message # 14150:
The "viewport" or "interface_viewport" directive applies to an
object or design unit to which a preceding "viewport" or
"interface_viewport" directive already applies.


vcom-vlog Message # 14151:
The protect directive "viewport" can apply only to a design unit or to
an object.  The protect directive "interface_viewport" can apply only
to an ENTITY (for VHDL), or to a MODULE, PROGRAM, or INTERFACE (for
SystemVerilog).
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 9.5.4 interface_viewport pragma [V2]]


vcom-vlog Message # 14152:
The "viewport" directive did not apply to any object or design unit in the
source text in which the pragma appears.
Or similarly, the "interface_viewport" directive did not apply to any design
unit in the source text in which the pragma appears.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 9.5.5 General rules for using either viewport pragma [V2]]


vcom-vlog Message # 14153:
The "end" directive did not follow a prior corresponding "begin" directive,
and the end of the file was reached.  An "end" directive will be assumed to
be present at the end of the file.


vcom-vlog Message # 14154:
Encryption recipe file contents are limited to a subset of protect directives
that are relevant to their particular purpose.  Each line in a recipe file
must be only whitespace or a single-line comment, or must begin with
`pragma protect or `protect, which must be followed by one or more protect
directives that are relavant to the type of recipe file in which they appear.
Common file directives are limited to:
    author
    author_info
    data_method
    version
    encoding
    begin_commonblock
    end_commonblock
    license_proxyname
    license_symmetric_key_method
    license_public_key_method
    license_keyowner
    license_keyname
    license_public_key
    license_attributes
    control
    comment
Key file directives are limited to:
    begin_toolblock
    end_toolblock
    key_keyowner
    key_keyname
    key_method
    key_block
    key_public_key
    rights_digest_method
    encoding
    control
    comment
Rights file directives are limited to:
    control
    comment


vcom-vlog Message # 14155:
The design unit contains or coincides with 2 or more protected envelopes.
When a "control" pragma appears in more than one of these envelopes,
the application of rights becomes undefined and unsupported.
  It is recommended that encryption envelopes should enclose one or more
  complete design unit declarations only and not be used at any finer
  granularity by IP authors.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 9.4.3 Recommendations]


vcom-vlog Message # 14156:
The specified pragma protect keyword is not supported.


vcom-vlog Message # 14157:
Neither the "data_keyowner" nor the "data_keyname" pragma protect
keywords is supported since we utilize only the digital envelope
methodology, which requires that a one-time random session key be used
for encrypting the data, and which involves encrypting this session key
using a vendor-specific key described with a key block
("key_keyowner", "key_keyname", and/or "key_public_key").


vcom-vlog Message # 14158:
When the -hea <filename> option is used with vencrypt or vhencrypt, a
pragma protect "begin" directive must be present in either the header
file or the file being encrypted.


vcom-vlog Message # 14159:
An encryption envelope protect pragma was found inside some decrypted
text as it was being compiled.  It will be ignored.


vcom-vlog Message # 14160:
The "end" directive did not have a prior corresponding "begin"
directive.


vcom-vlog Message # 14161:
The "end_protected" directive did not have a prior corresponding
"begin_protected" directive.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 14162:
The +protect option to vcom and vlog is deprecated and will be removed in
future releases.  Use the encryption tools "vencrypt" and/or "vhencrypt"
instead.


vcom-vlog Message # 14163:
The v1735 tool has restricted support for older encryption syntaxes.


vcom-vlog Message # 14164:
No data_method was found in user provided files. Using the default.


vcom-vlog Message # 14165:
An unexpected low-level encryption failure occurred.


vcom-vlog Message # 14166:
IEEE 1735 version 2 does not support many older encryption components.


vcom-vlog Message # 14167:
The encryption recipe was incomplete.


vcom-vlog Message # 14168:
IEEE 1735 V2 pragma syntax may differ from the respective specification
in a language's LRM, and V2 syntax checking here may be stricter.
Keywords "begin_protected", "end_protected", "encrypt_agent",
"encrypt_agent_info", and "data_block" are not supported in 1735 V2
encryption context.
No HMAC is expected in the encryption "end_toolblock" pragma (HMAC is
for decryption only).
Keywords "runtime_license" and "decrypt_license" are deprecated.
Please contact the factory if you require extended syntax support.


vcom-vlog Message # 14169:
Output pragma syntax will use the SystemVerilog pragma syntax.
If this is not what you want, use the -lang option to force the language.


vcom-vlog Message # 14170:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14171:
The cipher identifier with the "data_method" protect pragma must be a
symmetric cipher.
The only recommended values for "data_method" are "aes128-cbc" and
"aes256-cbc".  QuestaSim extends this to include "aes192-cbc" also.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 5.3.1.1 Recommendation for session key encryption]


vcom-vlog Message # 14172:
Use of the specified key has been deprecated.
It is not recommended to use deprecated keys for new encryption.


vcom-vlog Message # 14173:
The common right for decryption is named "decryption".  Because of editing
errors, in some places in the IEEE Std 1735-2014 it is referred to as
"decrypt".  We will allow either and treat them the same.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 10.8 Common right for decryption]


vcom-vlog Message # 14174:
Using the license() or license_string() common condition in a "control" right
expression requires that a complete license specification appear lexically before
such use.  A license specification, which can be present only in a common
block, comprises a set of seven protect directives, six that are mandatory and one
that is optional.
  Mandatory directives:
    license_proxyname
    license_symmetric_key_method
    license_public_key_method
    license_keyowner
    license_keyname
    license_public_key
  Optional directive:
    license_attributes
These must appear lexically before the call to license() or license_string().
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 8.4 License specification]
[DOC: IEEE Std 1735-2014 - 8.5 License proxy parameters]


vcom-vlog Message # 14175:
The decryption envelope has neither a "data_block" directive nor the block
of data after it.


vcom-vlog Message # 14176:
Contact your IP provider.


vcom-vlog Message # 14177:
A "control" directive appears in a tool block, but it defines a right that
is not known to the tool.
The supported tool rights are currently limited to the set of common rights:
   decryption
   error_handling
   runtime_visibility
   child_visibility


vcom-vlog Message # 14178:
The "control" directive appears in a tool block, but it defines a right that
is not one of the rights purported to be supported.  The ".known_rights" file
in the keyring directory contains a list of known rights for a given tool,
based on the key_keyname value:  "<keyring>/<key_keyname>.known rights".
This file contains a list of known right names, one per line.  The first
identifier on each line is considered to be known right name.


vcom-vlog Message # 14179:
In an encryption envelope, the "end_toolblock" directive should appear with
no '=' and no digest.
IEEE Std 1735-2014 - [7.4.3 Rights digest] states:
There are no digests in encryption envelopes.


vcom-vlog Message # 14180:
If a header file is used with vencrypt or vhencrypt, it must have
at least one pragma protect directive in it.


vcom-vlog Message # 14181:
The syntax for the -gen_xmlstruct option is:
    -gen_xmlstruct <entity> <output>

where:
    <entity> is the name of the interface to be generated
    <output> is the name of the file where the results are stored.


vcom-vlog Message # 14182:
The syntax for the -generatestub option is:
    -generatestub <entity> <output>

where:
    <entity> is the name of the interface to be generated
    <output> is the name of the file where the results are stored.


vcom-vlog Message # 14183:
The syntax for the -generatepc option is:
    -generatepc <entity> <output>

where:
    <entity> is the name of the interface to be generated
    <output> is the name of the file where the results are stored.


vcom-vlog Message # 14184:
The syntax for the -geninfo option is:
    -geninfo <output>

where:
    <output> is the name of the file where the results are stored.


vcom-vlog Message # 14185:
The specified error has occurred when using the "autoprotect" feature of
vencrypt.  Check the file for syntactical correctness.
This feature is enabled via one of these switches:
-autoprotect
-auto2protect
-auto3protect
-auto5protect
-autoprotect_all


vcom-vlog Message # 14186:
Certain options require, or prohibit, the use of other options.
o  Option "-header" cannot be used with any of the recipe options
   or with "-wholefile".


vcom-vlog Message # 14187:
Certain options require, or prohibit, the use of other options.
o  Using either of the "-common", or "-keyring" options requires
   that at least one "-toolblock" option also be present.
o  Option "-header" cannot be used with any of the recipe options
   or with "-wholefile".


vcom-vlog Message # 14188:
Certain options require, or prohibit, the use of other options.
o  Option "-header" cannot be used with any of the recipe options
   or with "-wholefile".


vcom-vlog Message # 14189:
An unnamed assertion cannot be referenced.


vcom-vlog Message # 14191:
This indicates a failure to compute a constant expression value in vopt which results
in postponing the computation until vsim elab.  Questa should function correctly
although possbily vsim will run more slowly.


vcom-vlog Message # 14192:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcom-vlog Message # 14193:
During -rnm analysis, while resolving a path through an interface port, the
port was found to be unknown. This can happen when a hierarchical reference
targets through an interface port in another scope that has not yet been
itself analyzed. If possible, either reference local interface ports or
hierarchical interface instances (rather than ports).


vcom-vlog Message # 14200:
An unknown identifier was used in an expression that defines a right value.
The IEEE Std 1735-2014 does not allow identifiers that are not right names.


vcom-vlog Message # 14201:
For the initial 10.7 release, the common conditions "license()" and
"license_string()" are unsupported.  Expressions involving either or both
of these cannot be evaluated.


vcom-vlog Message # 14202:
When using the +protect argument with vcom or vlog, each encryption envelope
found in the input source file(s) must contain at least one key block for a
key that is known to QuestaSim.


vcom-vlog Message # 14203:
The user attempted to control visibility of one or more protected objects.
This can result in unexpected behavior. Visibility of objects from
protected code is determined by the encrypting entity and cannot be
changed by the tool. In some cases these requests may have optimization side
effects.


vcom-vlog Message # 14204:
Using the -allow_veloce argument with an input file that contains
non-IEEE Std 1735-2014 encryption directives is not allowed.
Non-standard protect directives `protect/`endprotect cannot be used with
the -allow_veloce argument to vencrypt because the resulting encrypted
region does not involve keys of any kind and therefore cannot contain the
requested Veloce key.


vcom-vlog Message # 14205:
End of file was encountered before the decryption envelope ended.
Decryption envelopes cannot span file boundaries.


vcom-vlog Message # 14400:
PA MC2 is currently not supported without -pa_lib and -pa_opt=v1 options.


vcom-vlog Message # 14401:
Following deprecated acc options will be removed in future releases. 'f', 'm', 'q', 't', 'x', 'y'.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 14402:
Attributes range, length, reverse_range, left, right,
low and high cannot be applied on an unconstrained array type.


vcom-vlog Message # 14403:
Redeclaration of a port, variable, or other identifier within the same scope is illegal.
The "-mixedansiports" switch eases this restriction. However, the multiple declarations should
all be lexically the same. This message can be suppressed. If this message is suppressed
then the compiler will arbitrarily choose one of the specified types for the declaration.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 14404:
An instance with specify block in it can't be the top of a partition.


vcom-vlog Message # 14405:
Incorrect design item is specified for partitioning.


vcom-vlog Message # 14406:
The syntax may allow for a wait statement's argument to
be of type 'expression', and a null literal is an
expression. However, the outcome of waiting on a null event is
undefined. This message can be suppressed, but the behavior
of the simulator is undefined when doing so.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2017 SystemVerilog LRM - Section 15.5.5.2]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vcom-vlog Message # 14407:
A type declaration was used but the underlying type could not be found.


vcom-vlog Message # 14408:
The capacity limit of non OEM instances has been exceeded for INTEL FPGA Edition.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vhdl-ams Message # 15001:
Slice Terminal Aspect is out of range with Terminal declaration


vhdl-ams Message # 15002:
Range mismatch between plus and minus terminal aspects


vhdl-ams Message # 15003:
Non-static expression in Generics map


vhdl-ams Message # 15004:
Nature is not a legal type for a generic


vhdl-ams Message # 15005:
Signal is used in a simultaneous statement. A break statement may be needed


vhdl-ams Message # 15006:
The break statement may not be necessary.


vhdl-ams Message # 15007:
The entity class "quantity" is available only starting with the ADMS
version of the language.
Use VHDL ADMS (vcom option -adms).


vhdl-ams Message # 15008:
The entity class "terminal" is available only starting with the ADMS
version of the language.
Use VHDL ADMS (vcom option -adms).


vhdl-ams Message # 15009:
The entity class "nature" is available only starting with the ADMS
version of the language.
Use VHDL ADMS (vcom option -adms).


vhdl-ams Message # 15010:
The entity class "subnature" is available only starting with the ADMS
version of the language.
Use VHDL ADMS (vcom option -adms).


vhdl-ams Message # 15011:
Tolerance are unsupported by Analog Solver


vhdl-ams Message # 15012:
Nature tolerances are unsupported by Analog Solver


vhdl-ams Message # 15013:
Illegal subnature indication: nature indication used is not a nature mark


vhdl-ams Message # 15014:
Incorrect nature type: Type should be a floating_point type or a composite of floating_point types


vhdl-ams Message # 15015:
Interface quantities can be only of mode 'in' or 'out'


vhdl-ams Message # 15016:
A sequential break statement cannot have a sensitivity list.


vhdl-ams Message # 15017:
Multi-dimensional-Array/Record Analog objects are not handled


vhdl-ams Message # 15018:
Noise source quantities are not implemented


vhdl-ams Message # 15019:
A source Quantity declaration must have either Spectrum or noise aspects.


vhdl-ams Message # 15020:
Attribute slew/ramp for quantity is not supported


vhdl-ams Message # 15021:
The characteristic number does not match the number of scalar equations [LRM section 12.6.6]


vhdl-ams Message # 15022:
Unequal numbers of equations within case-use!


vhdl-ams Message # 15023:
Unequal numbers of equations within if-use!


vhdl-ams Message # 15024:
Illegal statement : a simultaneous statement is expected here


vhdl-ams Message # 15025:
Break lists are not implemented - See User's Manual


vhdl-ams Message # 15026:
AMS constructs are not allowed for non-ams version


vhdl-ams Message # 15027:
Simple simultaneous statement error : left and righ expressions are of incompatible base types


vhdl-ams Message # 15028:
left expression type is different from right expression type.


vhdl-ams Message # 15029:
Equation uses no quantity. The solution may not be unique
because the system of equations will be underconstrained


vhdl-ams Message # 15030:
Left and right expressions are ambiguous


vhdl-ams Message # 15031:
Atrribute name not valid for the corresponding prefix.


vhdl-ams Message # 15032:
Simultaneous null statements are not implemented


vhdl-ams Message # 15033:
Record nature declarations are not implemented


vhdl-ams Message # 15034:
Quantity declaration is illegal in a package


vhdl-ams Message # 15035:
Record nature must include at least one element


vhdl-ams Message # 15036:
Contribution attribute is not implemented


vhdl-ams Message # 15037:
Incorrect terminal aspect : if both 'plus' and 'minus'
	terminals are of composite natures then they must be of the same nature


vhdl-ams Message # 15038:
Incorrect terminal aspect : if the 'plus' or 'minus' terminal is
	a terminal of composite nature and the other of a scalar nature, then the
	scalar nature must be the nature of the scalar subelement of the composite terminal


vhdl-ams Message # 15039:
Incorrect termninal aspect : if both 'plus' and 'minus' terminals are of
	a scalar nature then they must be of the same nature


vhdl-ams Message # 15040:
Step limit specifications are not implemented.


vhdl-ams Message # 15041:
Free quantities of Record type are not supported.


vhdl-ams Message # 15042:
Illegal index constraint: Should be an unconstrained array nature.


vhdl-ams Message # 15043:
Aliases of quantity objects have not been implemented.


vhdl-ams Message # 15044:
arrays nature of dimension greater than 1 are not implemented.


vhdl-ams Message # 15045:
Vectors used for multi-dimensional arrays nature are not implemented.


vhdl-ams Message # 15046:
Subnature is unconstrained: terminals must be constrained.


vhdl-ams Message # 15047:
Subtype is unconstrained: quantities must be constrained.


vhdl-ams Message # 15048:
quantities based on array of array types are not supported.


vhdl-ams Message # 15049:
Illegal prefix of predefined attribute: prefix must be a quantity object.


vhdl-ams Message # 15050:
Illegal prefix of predefined attribute: prefix must be a terminal.


vhdl-ams Message # 15051:
Illegal terminal aspect : Object used does not refer to a terminal declaration.


vhdl-ams Message # 15052:
Illegal terminal aspect : Object specified is not declared in the architecture.


vhdl-ams Message # 15053:
Quantities are not allowed as formal parameters for subprogram definition.


vhdl-ams Message # 15054:
Association between an implicit quantity and an IN port quantity not allowed.


vhdl-ams Message # 15055:
Association between an implicit quantity and an OUT port quantity not allowed.


vhdl-ams Message # 15056:
Association between an across quantity and an OUT port quantity not allowed.


vhdl-ams Message # 15057:
Equations with same expressions at the right- and left- hand side are not allowed.
The soultion may not be unique because the system of equations will be underconstrained.


vhdl-ams Message # 15058:
Equations are not supported in Generate statements(for and if).


vhdl-ams Message # 15059:
Only a sequential break statement without break list is supported


vhdl-ams Message # 15060:
Prefix of ABOVE, ZTF, and LTF  predefined attributes must be of a scalar type.


vhdl-ams Message # 15061:
Terminal port cannot be unconnected or unassociated when its
nature is an unconstrained array nature.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]


vhdl-ams Message # 15062:
Quantity port of mode in cannot be unconnected or unassociated
unless its declaration includes a default expression.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]


vhdl-ams Message # 15063:
Attributes of composite port quantity are not yet implemented.


vhdl-ams Message # 15064:
VHDL rule not yet implemented.


vhdl-ams Message # 15065:
Wrong number of arguments for "%s" .
Please refer to the VHDLAMS_LRM_1076.1-2007  section 14.1.5 -
for allowed number of arguments for different attributes


vhdl-ams Message # 15066:
LHS subtype index size does not match RHS subtype index size
LHS and RHS in a simultaneous statement must be of same index size


vhdl-ams Message # 15067:
Aggregates are not supported for vhdl-ams in current implementation


vhdl-ams Message # 15068:
Non AMS object encountered unexpectedly


vhdl-ams Message # 15069:
LHS subtype index size does not match RHS subtype index size
LHS and RHS in a simultaneous statement must be of same index size


vhdl-ams Message # 15070:
The actual designator must be a static quantity name.
In particular, the actual quantity associated with
the actual quantity associated with a port in a
port map, must be a static quantity name.
In VHDLAMS 2007, a non-static quantity name is considered to be a non-static
expression and will adhere to the semantics for that.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]


vhdl-ams Message # 15071:
Procedural Simultaneous Statements are not supported


vhdl-ams Message # 15072:
Tolerance are unsupported by Analog Solver


vhdl-ams Message # 15073:
CASE statement must have question mark delimiter in both places or in neither place.


vhdl-ams Message # 15074:
Subtype indication can be present only for object alias
(variable, signal, constant, terminal, quantity or file).


vhdl-ams Message # 15075:
Else clause is missing in simultaneous if statement


vhdl-ams Message # 15076:
It is an error if a break statement appears in a function subprogram or in a procedure,
that has a parent that is a function subprogram.[LRM section 8.14]


vhdl-ams Message # 15077:
Use of the proprietary attribute is not supported .

This message will be an error with the -pedanticerrors argument.

vhdl-ams Message # 15078:
It is an error if a break statement appears within any subprogram,
whose body is defined within a protected type body.[LRM section 8.14]


vhdl-ams Message # 15079:
Files can't be read from or written to from both digital and analog context.


vhdl-ams Message # 15080:
Association between an indexed or slice composite quantity and an OUT port quantity not allowed.


vhdl-ams Message # 15081:
Quantities cannot be associated as an actual with more than one formal of mode out.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 1.1.1.2 Ports]


vhdl-ams Message # 15082:
The first parameter of 'ramp and 'slew and the second argument of 'ramp must be positive.
The second argument of 'slew must be negative.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 14.1.5 Predefined analog and mixed-signal attributes]


vhdl-ams Message # 15083:
The parameter of 'delayed  must be non-negative.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 14.1.5 Predefined analog and mixed-signal attributes]


vhdl-ams Message # 15084:
The first parameter of 'zoh must be positive.
The second argument of 'slew must be non-negative.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 14.1.5 Predefined analog and mixed-signal attributes]


vhdl-ams Message # 15085:
Prefix of RAMP and SLEW predefined attributes must be of a floating-point type.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1076.1-2007 VHDL AMS LRM - 14.1.5 Predefined analog and mixed-signal attributes]


vhdl-ams Message # 15086:
VHDLAMS entities/architectures (vcom -vhams) cannot be used in non-symphony flow.


vsim Message # 16000:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16001:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16002:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16003:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16004:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16005:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16006:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16007:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16008:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16009:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16010:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16011:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16012:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16013:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16014:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16015:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16016:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16017:
Only one default work library can be specified using the -work option.
If multiple -work options are used, only the last one is taken.


vsim Message # 16018:
The compiler and simulation tool has to be run with line option for capacity report.
Please check the documentation for appropriate options.


vsim Message # 16019:
Please check vsim help to find the correct options.


vsim Message # 16020:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16021:
This FLI API is not currently supported with QFD.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16022:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16023:
Problem with the formating of the -rnmexceptions file.


vsim Message # 16024:
Problem with the formating of a bit select or part select in the -rnmexceptions file.


vsim Message # 16025:
Please check vsim help to find the correct usage of -capstats options.


vsim Message # 16026:
Please check vsim help to find the correct usage of -capstats options.


vsim Message # 16027:
Please check vsim help and use appropriate -capacity option to generate the report.
The declaration based report needs -capacity option.
The line based report needs -capacity=line option.


vsim Message # 16028:
The specified design unit name in the capstats command or option does not match
any of the design units in the loaded design. Check the name of the design unit.


vsim Message # 16029:
For a Veloce proxy variable, we do not allow a mix of blocking and non-blocking assignments.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16030:
When creating a load file for a -load_elab operation in Visualizer when qwave
logging is desired, the file must be created with a superset of qwave logging
options that may be used when the elab file is later loaded. If not using qwave
when creating the elab file a standard vsim option must be substituted. For example,
if qwave class logging is to be enabled the vsim -classdebug option must have been
specified. Or if qwave is to record messages the -msgmode and possibly the
-displaymsgmode options must have been specified.


vsim Message # 16031:
Only positive and integer level values are allowed


vsim Message # 16032:
The referenced capstat database can not be opened. It may not be a capstats database
or corrupted file. This file may have been written by a newer version of the simulator.
Try to open this capstat database using a newer version of the simulator.


vsim Message # 16033:
If there is SystemC mixed language parameters in the design, elab code is needed during
restore or -load_elab flow, hence we cannot allow elab code to be ejected during checkpoint
or -elab. User must rerun checkpoint or -elab run with 'vsim -noejectelabcode'.


vsim Message # 16034:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16035:
The capstats database will be used for the reports. Even if simulation is running in the current
session, the memory usage of the kernel will be ignored and reporting will be done based on
the capstats database.


vsim Message # 16036:
-assertcover option is now deprecated.  Assertion coverage is available by default (no option
is required).  If you need various assertion counts, use -assertcounts but please be aware that
simulation may run slower when using this switch.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16037:
Capstats database can be generated only if a design is loaded.


vsim Message # 16038:
Please check the filename and path for saving the capstats database.


vsim Message # 16039:
Please check that the switch is '-autoprofile=filename', or just '-autoprofile' for the default.


vsim Message # 16040:
There is no additional information for this message.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16041:
Consider applying access to the design during vopt to run the simulation in qfd/vqpi mode.
Alternate approach is not to run vsim with '-qfd' or '-plicompatdefault vqpi' option.


vsim Message # 16042:
The VCD parser encountered the specified character instead of
the colon (:) that it was expecting.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16043:
The VCD parser encountered the specified character instead of
the open or close bracket ([]) that it was expecting.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16044:
Design has incompleteness in elaboration. To fully elaborate design in visualizer,
'-vsimincrdesignfile' should be given to both vopt and vsim.
Vopt rerun with '-vsimincrdesignfile' and '-designfile' should fix this issue.


vsim Message # 16045:
Design has incompleteness in elaboration. To fully elaborate design in visualizer,
'-vsimincrdesignfile' should be given to both vopt and vsim.
Data required for hybrid elaboration generated in vopt phase is not found.
vopt rerun with '-vsimincrdesignfile' and '-designfile' should fix this issue.


vsim Message # 16046:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16047:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16048:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16049:
Design has incompleteness in vopt elaboration. To get fully elaborated design view,
vsim generates an incremental design file under option "-vsimincrdesignfile".


vsim Message # 16050:
Design has incompleteness in elaboration. To fully elaborate design in visualizer,
an incremental design file is required. Incremental file creation is failed.


vsim Message # 16051:
Design has inconsistent library mappings. The library mapping mentioned in
the error message can not be found. This could cause issues in vsim_auto_compile.so
generation. Use 'vmap' to verify the library mapping.


vsim Message # 16052:
For associative arrays that specify wildcard index type, nonintegral
index values are illegal and result in an error.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - 7.8.1 Wildcard index type]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16053:
A 4-state index value containing X or Z for associative arrays is invalid.
[DOC: IEEE Std 1800-2012 System Verilog LRM - 7.8.1 Wildcard index type]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16054:
This error indicates bad code was generated.  Please contact customer support
at http://supportnet.mentor.com to report this error.


vsim Message # 16055:
The profile database referenced can not be found at the path specified.


vsim Message # 16056:
The IEEE Std 1800-2012 BNF does not allow solve/before constraints in conditional or
implication constraint contexts.  That is, the solve/before relation cannot be conditional.


vsim Message # 16057:
Please select a type with (free) written in front of it in the Sim Pool allocation details.
All of these entries are visible with hidden option only.


vsim Message # 16058:
The 'type' of port is not among the types that can be dumped in evcd file.


vsim Message # 16059:
The 'type' of user defined net is not among the types that can be dumped in vcd file.


vsim Message # 16060:
'upf_create_object_mirror' failed. This may be due to incorrect src or dst path.


vsim Message # 16061:
In -qfd or -access mode, cannot set PLI compatibility to non-qfd value.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16062:
An object needs to have required access. Option -access is applied to the
region above the cell boundary, whereas -cellaccess option is applied to the
region below the cell boundary.


vsim Message # 16063:
The nettype declaration of the user-defined net must include a
resolution function in order to support multiple drivers.


vsim Message # 16064:
This error is the results of earlier failure to handle a disabled thread. The current call should
not have happened. Try looking at the call chain of the thread and find where disable status
should have been handled. Try using the tb command or view the callstack window
to see where the error occurred.


vsim Message # 16065:
An ambiguious condition occured during simulation of a module with negative timing
checks that required a delay solution with conditional delay net delays.
At the time a delay net delay was being scheduled, more than one condition was true.
In this case the shortest delay is used.


vsim Message # 16066:
By-default negative value present in SDF delays are converted into zero.


vsim Message # 16067:
Problem in elaborating hier-ref to a property/sequence decl.


vsim Message # 16068:
The capstats database can be read in post-simulation mode and reports can be printed.
Loading of capstats in the middle of simulation may cause simulation failure.


vsim Message # 16069:
The unpacked-array object connected to the specified port in the
port list of an array of instances must either match the formal
or have the same number of dimensions and matching widths as the
array of instances.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16070:
Parameters for the -glsnegtchk switch :
  leve11
  level2 (default)
  level3
Example:
  -glsnegtchk level2


vsim Message # 16071:
For errors with the uvm command try 'uvm help [<cmd>]' for command details.


vsim Message # 16072:
Certain forms of specify path conditions are not supported for don't care evaluation of
the -glspath simuconddc feature.  This suppressible message is provided for the first instance
of a module that is attempting this evalution and is disqualified.  The output that caused this
evaluation will be scheduled with zero delay.
Specify path conditions with concatenations, replication and ternary operators are not supported by
-glspath simuconddc processing.


vsim Message # 16073:
Please check the command line usage for -ldflags. There are no auto compiled
object files or DPI exports found. The -ldflags switch will not be ignored,
and will be interpreted as a specification of the precompiled shared libraries,
which will be linked together into vsim auto compile shared library.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16074:
C/C++ auto compile must be repeated for each platform and compiler combination as the generated
object files are incompatiable among different platforms. If this is the issue, please rerun
vlog on the C/C++ source files, and rerun vopt again on the current platform.


vsim Message # 16075:
The start of each argument to -fprofile uses the '+' as the separator. See the help.


vsim Message # 16076:
The parsing of the -fprofile switch arguments was incorrect. See the help.


vsim Message # 16077:
There can only be 1 +dir switch to -fprofile. See the help.


vsim Message # 16078:
There can only be 1 +tag switch to -fprofile. See the help.


vsim Message # 16079:
There can only be 1 +effort switch to -fprofile. See the help.


vsim Message # 16080:
There can only be 1 +elab switch to -fprofile. See the help.


vsim Message # 16081:
The enum used for effort level on the -fprofile switch arguments was incorrect.
See the help.


vsim Message # 16082:
Attempting to make the directory to store the -falcon fdb in failed. See the help.


vsim Message # 16083:
Attempt to record vopt FDB path failed.


vsim Message # 16084:
'upf_create_object_mirror' failed. This may be due to unsupported dst obj.


vsim Message # 16085:
Setting up performance profiling with -fprofile failed for this session.


vsim Message # 16086:
Memory profiling can not be used when -fprofile is enabled
Try -capacity and capstats instead of memory profiling.


vsim Message # 16087:
Sync control used for the standalone run should match with
the sync control used while dumping the vcd file.


vsim Message # 16088:
There can only be 1 +file switch to -fprofile. See the help.


vsim Message # 16089:
The +file argument of the -fprofile switch arguments excludes some other switch. See the help.


vsim Message # 16090:
The filename used for +file argument of the -fprofile switch arguments is not allowed.


vsim Message # 16091:
Another process has created a file with the same name and it will be overwritten.
This is suppressible.


vsim Message # 16092:
The specified object cannot be forced with the force command.


vsim Message # 16094:
Vsim will attempt to construct a -fprofile switch from the matching vsim switch arguments.
However it can not do that if +file is used. The solutions are to switch to +tag or
to provide one unique from the vsim one using -voptargs. You can examine the results using
the -vopt_verbose argument to vsim.


vsim Message # 16095:
The -fprofile switch was unable to create some of the directories requested.


vsim Message # 16096:
The .fdb file extension is required for files created by the +file argument to the -fprofile switch.


vsim Message # 16097:
The -fprofile switch must have a value argument.


vsim Message # 16098:
Most downstream tools require data from both vsim and vopt. Use -fprofile with both vsim and vopt.


vsim Message # 16099:
Qfd mode does not support some PLI functions.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16100:
Object of this type cannot be written.


vsim Message # 16101:
FLPS Analysis Client failed to load due to this issue


vsim Message # 16102:
A parent directory for the falcon FDB database does not have write permissions so the database
can not be created.


vsim Message # 16103:
A call to one of the fprof APIs failed.


vsim Message # 16104:
There is no specified access.


vsim Message # 16105:
An implementation dependent input conversion specifier has been
found. This implementation extends the '%f' to allow the
specification of a number of digits to be found after the decimal
point in a floating point input conversion. The format specifier is of
the form '%<digits>.<digits>f'. For example '%10.4f' specifies a
conversion of 10 digits in total length with up to 4 characters
accepted after a decimal point if a decimal point is found.


vsim Message # 16106:
The sample frequency specified with the +interval option with the -fprofile command
must be an integer in the range 1 to 999 inclusive. This number represents the
number of milliseconds to wait between each sample collected during a
profiled simulation run. The default is 10ms.


vsim Message # 16107:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16108:
'upf_create_object_mirror' failed, due to generic expression.


vsim Message # 16109:
A net actual can't be passed to ref/output formal; nets must have
continuous drivers.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16110:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16111:
The specified PLI call cannot give protected handles.


vsim Message # 16112:
The mode value of '+skip_cell_instance=' should be one of 0, 1 or 2.


vsim Message # 16113:
The argument list is corrupt.



vsim Message # 16114:
The variable value is bad.



vsim Message # 16115:
The argument value is bad.


vsim Message # 16116:
Simulate using the -debug option.


vsim Message # 16117:
The number of arguments is bad.



vsim Message # 16118:
The depth level must be an integer greater or equal to zero.


vsim Message # 16119:
Unexpected argument.


vsim Message # 16120:
This indicated feature is not supported on the specified platform.



vsim Message # 16121:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16122:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16123:
A later command line argument overrides an earlier PLI compatibility setting.
For example, modelsim.ini is checked if a PLI is specified, however a later
-access argument will override the modelsim.ini setting, if it was present.


vsim Message # 16124:
Instantiation of an optimized SystemC design in HDL is not supported.
This is equivalent to creating PDU on SystemC Top module which is not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16125:
Consider applying access to the design during vopt to run the simulation in VHPI mode.


vsim Message # 16126:
SDF file version is prior to version 7 and does not contain the annotation
order information for IOPATH and TCHK. This info is necessary to kick
in certain SDF annotation related optimization.


vsim Message # 16127:
Each VHPI shared library loaded with -vhpi option must contain vhpi_startup_routines table.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16128:
An error occurred when trying to load the specified object file. Verify
that the object file exists and that you have read permission.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16129:
Currently, native dumping of this item is restricted.
This limitation may or may not be removed in the future.


vsim Message # 16130:
Failed to create dumping scope.


vsim Message # 16131:
Currently, this feature is not supported.
This limitation may or may not be removed in the future.


vsim Message # 16132:
It is missing +acc/-access in vopt which is necessary for the uvm_reg_pkg backdoor calls to work.
Using +acc or -access for the target objects in vopt so that they can be found by the
uvm_reg_pkg::uvm_hdl_read() function for backdoor register access.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16133:
It is missing +acc/-access in vopt which is necessary for the uvm_reg_pkg backdoor calls to work.
Using +acc or -access for the target objects in vopt so that they can be found by the
uvm_reg_pkg::uvm_hdl_read() function for backdoor register access.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16134:
It is missing +acc/-access in vopt which is necessary for the uvm_reg_pkg backdoor calls to work.
Using +acc or -access for the target objects in vopt so that they can be found by the
uvm_reg_pkg::uvm_hdl_read() function for backdoor register access.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16135:
It is missing +acc/-access in vopt which is necessary for the uvm_reg_pkg backdoor calls to work.
Using +acc or -access for the target objects in vopt so that they can be found by the
uvm_reg_pkg::uvm_hdl_read() function for backdoor register access.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16136:
Currently, cross partition fli/pli/vpi usage is not supported in FLPS mode


vsim Message # 16137:
Currently, cross partition fli/pli/vpi usage is not supported in FLPS mode


vsim Message # 16138:
Currently, this feature will ignore the switch.
This limitation may or may not be removed in the future.


vsim Message # 16139:
Interactive mode is not supported in FLPS simulation mode.


vsim Message # 16140:
If a command writes to a file in FLPS mode, partition name is prefixed to the filename,
such as master_"file", p1_"file" and so on.


vsim Message # 16141:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16142:
This directory checkpoint can not be restored in the current vsim session.
This is currently a limitation in warm restore support of the shared library.
Please start a new vsim session using vsim -restore <checkpoint dir>.


vsim Message # 16143:
This supported is currently mutually exclusive with SystemC checkpoint/restore flow


vsim Message # 16144:
This feature is not supported in the Lattice FPGA Edition.


vsim Message # 16145:
The unavailability of the line information in the elab file will lead to display
of incorrect line numbers when the profile database is loaded. Suppressing this
error will allow profiling the design but with inaccurate RTL line/scope information.
This situation is usually encountered when the debug database has been moved or deleted.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16146:
This command is valid only before executing other commands and is ignored if
specified after those commands.


vsim Message # 16147:
vcdstim at partition boundary instance is unsupported currently in FLPS mode.


vsim Message # 16148:
Out of bound generate scope index.


vsim Message # 16149:
same padb path for different opts design unsupported.


vsim Message # 16150:
See fsdbSuppress.



vsim Message # 16151:
After reaching the stated limit, similar messages will no longer be printed.


vsim Message # 16152:
Native FSDB dump command setup failed.


vsim Message # 16153:
Delete the lock file if it is stale.
Check for redundant commands/processes/events.


vsim Message # 16154:
Capacity limit exceeded for Intel FPGA Edition

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vsim Message # 16155:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16156:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16157:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim Message # 16159:
Check for
    1) -pli command argument
    2) use of PLIOBJS environment variable
    3) setting of 'Veriuser' variable within modelsim.ini file.


vsim Message # 16160:
There is no additional information for this message.


xml2ucdb Message # 17000:
Some UCDB API functions used in the xml2ucdb files reported a warning.
The API message should be printed in the warning.


xml2ucdb Message # 17001:
When excluding sections in the testplan, the start and end bounds should have the same level.
For example, {1.2-1.4} is a valid range. Both bounds have the same direct parent section '1'.
However, {1.2-1.5.1} is not a valid range. Section '1.2' parent is section '1'.
Section '1.5.1' parent is '1.5'. So, you will notice that the start and end bound have two different
direct parent sections.


xml2ucdb Message # 17002:
When excluding sections in the testplan, a single range should contain a start and an end section.
For example, {1.2-1.4} is a valid range. However, {1.2-1.4-1.6} is not valid.


xml2ucdb Message # 17003:
When excluding sections in the testplan, the exclusion string should contain numbers(0-9), dot(.)
and comma(,). Otherwise, this warning will appear.


xml2ucdb Message # 17004:
Some of the options in xml2ucdb are depreciated.
Use the new suggested option instead to avoid such warnings.


xml2ucdb Message # 17005:
xml2ucdb failed to read the var file. Check if the file exist and you have read permisions.


xml2ucdb Message # 17006:
Varfile file contains syntax errors. The line will be ignored.
Check the file and correct the errors.


xml2ucdb Message # 17007:
'-excelsheet' option is valid only for the Excel format.
This option is ignored for non-Excel formats.


xml2ucdb Message # 17008:
Failed to extract the covergroup name in one of the link.


xml2ucdb Message # 17009:
Failed to extract the covergroup instance name in one of the link.


xml2ucdb Message # 17010:
Failed to extract the coverpoint name in one of the link.


xml2ucdb Message # 17011:
One of the links has a path, although its type doesn't support a path.
To avoid this warning, fill paths for this section using one-to-one format
and add '-' for links which don't support a path.


xml2ucdb Message # 17012:
One of the links has a path, although its type doesn't support a path.
To avoid this warning, add '-' instead.


xml2ucdb Message # 17013:
The used syntax is the old '1.2' syntax. A new rule syntax is supported since '10.3'.
To avoid this warning, use the new rule syntax.


xml2ucdb Message # 17014:
One of the link fields is empty. To avoid this warning, make sure to fill all links fields.
If you don't want toadd a link to a section, make sure that both the link and type fields are empty.
Also, make sure that if there is multiple types, every type has a corresponding link.


xml2ucdb Message # 17015:
AtLeast specification is supported for 'Bin' and 'Directive' types.
For other types, use "1", "-", or " ".


xml2ucdb Message # 17016:
Overlong multi-byte character detected.


xml2ucdb Message # 17017:
Out-of-range multi-byte character detected.


xml2ucdb Message # 17018:
Invalid multi-byte character detected.


xml2ucdb Message # 17019:
No scope title found. A default name <unknown> will be given.
To avoid this warning, make sure that every section has a title.


xml2ucdb Message # 17020:
This warning appear when all the sections in the testplan doesn't have a valid link.
This means that this testplan won't link to any coverage scopes.
To avoid this warning, add atleast one valid link to any of the sections.


xml2ucdb Message # 17021:
This warning appear when one of the variables added in the varfile
wasn't found while parsing xml file. To avoid this warning, either delete
this variable from the varfile or use it in the testplan file.


xml2ucdb Message # 17022:
This warning appear when the user didn't specify the format for the xml file.
In this case, either the extract parameters in the command line will be used
or the default parameters are assumed.


xml2ucdb Message # 17023:
This warning appear when the user neither specifies the format for the xml file
nor uses any extraction parameters in the command line.
In this case, the default extraction parameters will be assumed.


xml2ucdb Message # 17024:
This warning appear when (*,?) are used in the title of a testplan section.
These two characters are reserved as wildcard characters.
This will cause problems in other CLI commands and Tracker Window.


xml2ucdb Message # 17025:
One of the links type is left empty. Make sure that you fill it with on of the valid type.
Valid types are Assertion, Branch, Condition, CoverGroup, CoverPoint, Cross, Directive, DU,
Expression, FSM, Instance, Test, Toggle, XML, Bin, Tag, CoverItem and Rule.


xml2ucdb Message # 17026:
This warning appears when the user specifies a target version for the output UCDB
and xml2ucdb executable failed to load the needed library for specified version.
Check QuestaSim/xml2ucdb installation.


xml2ucdb Message # 17100:
xml2ucdb failed to find the Questa installation directory.
This is important to locate the xml2ucdb ini and xml transformation files.


xml2ucdb Message # 17101:
UCDB API failure occured in xml2ucdb.


xml2ucdb Message # 17102:
xml2ucdb failed to find 'xml2ucdb.ini'.
The default ini file should be under vm_src in Questa Directory.
To overcome this problem, you can use -cfgfilename followed by the path to ini file.


xml2ucdb Message # 17103:
One of the switches used in the xml2ucdb command should be followed by an input parameter.


xml2ucdb Message # 17104:
One of the switches used in the xml2ucdb command is followed by an incorrect parameter.


xml2ucdb Message # 17105:
This warning appear when an invalid option. Run 'xml2ucdb -help' to get all valid options.


xml2ucdb Message # 17106:
This warning appear if the xml2ucdb is followed by 3 or more file names.
xml2ucdb should be followed by two file names. The first one should be the xml file.
The second one should be the ucdb file.
xml2ucdb <options> <xmlfile> <ucdbfile>


xml2ucdb Message # 17107:
This warning appear if the xml2ucdb is followed by 3 or more file names.
xml2ucdb should be followed by two file names. The first one should be the xml file.
The second one should be the ucdb file.
xml2ucdb <options> <xmlfile> <ucdbfile>


xml2ucdb Message # 17108:
'-datadelimiters' option isn't valid anymore.
Please,run 'xml2ucdb -help' to know how to use xml2ucdb tool and its variable options.


xml2ucdb Message # 17109:
xml2ucdb command needs an input xmlfile. Check your command.
xml2ucdb command should be:
xml2ucdb <options> <input xmlfile> <output ucdbfile>


xml2ucdb Message # 17110:
xml2ucdb command output file should be specified. Check your command.
xml2ucdb command should be:
xml2ucdb <options> <input xmlfile> <output ucdbfile>
or
xml2ucdb <options> -ucdbfilename <output ucdbfile> <input xmlfile>


xml2ucdb Message # 17111:
This error appears because on of the variables doesn't have a value.
To successfully define a variable, do the following:
  1) In xml2ucdb command, add '-G<var_name>=<var_value>'.
  2) In xml2ucdb command, use '-varfile <path/varfile_name>'.
     In the varfile, add variable using this format:
     <var_name1>=<var_value1>
     <var_name2>=<var_value2>
     <var_name3>=<var_value3>


xml2ucdb Message # 17112:
One of the testplan sections or more is missing a section number.
To avoid this error, make sure that every section has a sectrion number.
This is very important to determine the parent child relationship between the sections
for a number of formats.


xml2ucdb Message # 17113:
One of the testplan section numbers or more is repeated.
Make sure that every testplan section has a unique testplan number,
otherwise some sections may overwrite others.


xml2ucdb Message # 17114:
Input xml file contains too many section end tags.
Check your testplan xml file.


xml2ucdb Message # 17115:
This is an Internal Error. Contact Mentor Support.


xml2ucdb Message # 17116:
This error appears because the number of paths doesn't match the number of links.
Number of paths should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17117:
This error appears because the number of types doesn't match the number of links.
Number of types should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17118:
This error appears because the number of link weights doesn't match the number of links.
Number of link weights should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17119:
This error appears because the number of unimplemented values doesn't match the number of links.
Number of unimplemented values should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17120:
This error appears because the number of child exclusion names doesn't match the number of links.
Number of child exclusion names should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17121:
This error appears because the number of exclusion comments doesn't match the number of links.
Number of exclusion comments should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17122:
This error appears when the unimplemented value is illegal.
Unimplemented value should contain digits only.


xml2ucdb Message # 17123:
This error appears when links of type Bin have link exclusion entry.
To avoid, leave the entry for bin links empty in the link exclusion column.


xml2ucdb Message # 17124:
This error appears because the number of AtLeast entries doesn't match the number of links.
Number of AtLeast entries should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17125:
This error appears because the number of types doesn't match the number of links.
Number of types should be either equal to the number of links
or one which will be applied to all the links.


xml2ucdb Message # 17126:
This error appears when two testplan sections under the same parent have the same title.
Make sure that all the child section under a certain section have unique titles.


xml2ucdb Message # 17127:
xml2ucdb created an empty ucdb file.
Please, check the input xml file and xml2ucdb output log to know what went wrong.


xml2ucdb Message # 17128:
This error means that xml2ucdb failed to write the ucdb file to the disk.
Check if the current user has write access to the target location.


xml2ucdb Message # 17129:
This error means that xml2ucdb failed to close the ucdb database before writing file to the disk.


xml2ucdb Message # 17130:
This error means that xml2ucdb failed to write the tag file.
Check if the current user has write access to the tag file target location.


xml2ucdb Message # 17131:
This error means that xml2ucdb failed to open configuration file.
Check if the current user has read access to the configuration file.


xml2ucdb Message # 17132:
This error means that either the format you are using is invalid
or the configration file is missing this format.


xml2ucdb Message # 17133:
This error appears when xml2ucdb fails to find the xml file. To avoid, make sure that:
  1) The file name is correct.
  2) The full path is correct.
  3) The search paths added to the command is correct.


xml2ucdb Message # 17134:
This error appears when the style sheet file has some syntax errors.
:Please, check the syntax of the style sheet.


xml2ucdb Message # 17135:
This error appears xml2ucdb can't find the style sheet file. To avoid this error, check:
  1) the style sheet file name/path is correct.
  2) the current user has read access to the style sheet file.


xml2ucdb Message # 17136:
This error appears when the xml file either doesn't exist or has some syntax errors.
:To avoid this error:
  1) check if the xml file name/path is correct.
  2) check if the current user has read access to the style sheet file.
  1) check the syntax of the xml file.


xml2ucdb Message # 17137:
Valid types are Assertion, Branch, Condition, CoverGroup, CoverPoint, Cross, Directive, DU,
Expression, FSM, Instance, Test, Toggle, XML, Bin, Tag, CoverItem and Rule.


xml2ucdb Message # 17199:
UCDB API information in xml2ucdb.


vcover Message # 17200:
This warning appears when the DU has only one instance.
Hence, vcover create a page for the instance only.


vcover Message # 17201:
This warning appears when the user include an instance which its parent is already included.
To avoid, make sure that you only include instance of the highest hierarchy.


vcover Message # 17202:
This warning appears when the user include an instance multiple time
using the -instance option in the html report.
To avoid, remove repeated instances in the command line.


vcover Message # 17203:
This warning appears when vcover fails to get the DU name for a certain instance.
Note that the UCDB file may be corrupt.


vcover Message # 17204:
This warning appears when vcover fails to get the design unit for a certain instance.
Note that the UCDB file may be corrupt.


vcover Message # 17205:
This warning appears when the UCDB file doesn't contain any test information.
Check the UCDB file, the testrecord was deleted or the file is corrupt.


vcover Message # 17206:
This warning appears when vcover ranktest encounter an empty UCDB file.
Note that the UCDB file may be corrupt.


vcover Message # 17207:
This warning appears when the user tries to use options (-quiet, -concise, -verbose) together.
These options are mutually exclusive, so use one of them only.


vcover Message # 17208:
One or more tests contain "assertion failures".
Ranktest will not include "assertion successes" in its ranking metric calculations
(i.e. "assertion successes" will be weighted as 0).
As a consequence, the ranking total coverage metric
will be different from the total coverage numbers of
other Questa GUI and CLI tools.


vcover Message # 17209:
This warning appears when one of the merge input files misses data required for non-lossy merge.
To avoid this warning, check if this file was a result of a lossy merge process.


vcover Message # 17210:
This warning appears when the user uses two or more of the following options
'-bydu'/'-du', '-byfile'/'-srcfile', '-byinstance'/'-instance'/'-cvp', '-flat' and '-pa'
in the vcover report command. When this happens, the last format will prevail.
To avoid such warning, make sure to use only one of these options.


vcover Message # 17211:
This warning appears when the user specifies wrong coverage type for the '-code' option.
The valid types are 's(bl)bceftx'. For more details, return to the QuestaSim Command
Reference Manual.


vcover Message # 17212:
This warning appears when the user specifies wrong coverage type for the '-details' option.
The valid types are 'abcdefgst'. For more details, return to the QuestaSim Command Reference Manual.


vcover Message # 17213:
This warning appears when the user uses certain options multiple times.
The last option will prevail.


vcover Message # 17214:
This warning appears when the user uses invalid date format for '-from' or '-to' option.
The supported format should be YYYYMMDDHHMMSS.


vcover Message # 17215:
This warning appears when the user specifies a wrong value for the 'showattrswithcoverage'.
The supported format should be a ',' separated list of the attribute names. (ex: 'attr1,attr2').


vcover Message # 17216:
The option -duOnly is not supported any more.
You can use the 2 switches -noinstance and -notestplan together to get the same behavior.
This option will be ignored.


vcover Message # 17217:
This warning appears when the user specifies a wrong assertion language after the '-lang' option.
Supported languages are sva, psl and vhdl.


vcover Message # 17218:
This warning appears when the user specifies a design unit with the '-pa' option.
Power aware reports doen't support this feature.


vcover Message # 17219:
This warning appears when the user specifies a source file with the '-pa' option.
Power aware reports doen't support this feature.


vcover Message # 17220:
This warning appears when the user specifies an instance and a design unit in the report command.
To avoid this warning, avoid using '-instance' and '-du' simultaneously.
The latest of the two options will prevail if both are used.


vcover Message # 17221:
This warning appears when the user specifies a source file and a design unit in the report command.
To avoid this warning, avoid using '-srcfile' and '-du' simultaneously.
The latest of the two options will prevail if both are used.


vcover Message # 17222:
This warning appears when the user specifies a source file and an instance in the report command.
To avoid this warning, avoid using '-srcfile' and '-instance' simultaneously.
The latest of the two options will prevail if both are used.


vcover Message # 17223:
This warning appears when the user specifies a wrong assertion severity.
Valid severity values are 'info', 'note', 'warning', 'error', 'failure' and 'fatal'.


vcover Message # 17224:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-metricanalysis' option
without the '-details' option. To avoid this warning,
either remove the '-metricanalysis' option or add the '-details' option.


vcover Message # 17225:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-summary' option and
the '-du'/'-package' option simultaneously. To avoid this warning,
either remove the '-recursive' option or the '-du'/'-package' option.


vcover Message # 17226:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-primarykey'/'-secondarykey' options
without the '-flat' option. To avoid this warning, either remove the '-primarykey'/'-secondarykey'
options or add the '-flat' option in the command line.


vcover Message # 17227:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-descendants' options without
the '-trend' option. To avoid this warning, either remove the '-descendants' option
or add the '-trend' option in the command line.


vcover Message # 17228:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-showexcluded' options
and the '-flat' option simultaneously.
To avoid this warning, either remove the '-showexcluded' option
or add the '-flat' option in the command line.
Return to the QustaSim Command Reference.


vcover Message # 17229:
This warning appears when the user specifies '-details' or '-verbose' option
and the '-recursive' option simultaneously.
To avoid this warning, either remove the invalid option or remove the '-recursive' option from
the command line.


vcover Message # 17230:
This warning appears when the user specifies invalid options and the '-trend' option
simultaneously. These options are '-detail', '-source', '-toggled', '-covered',
'-option', '-nocvgbin', '-noignorebins', '-nocvpbinsummary', '-nocrossbinsummary',
'-recursive', '-zero', '-binrhs', '-all' and '-usecnpm'.
To avoid this warning, either remove the invalid option or remove the '-trend' option from
the command line.


vcover Message # 17231:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-append' option without specifying the output file
using the '-output'/'-file' option.
To avoid this warning, either remove the '-append' option or specify the output file in
the command line.


vcover Message # 17232:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-depth' option without specifying
the '-instance=<INSTANCE_PATH>.' option. To avoid this warning, either remove the '-depth' option or
add the '-instance=<INSTANCE_PATH>.' option in the command line.


vcover Message # 17233:
This error appears when the user doesn't specify input files needed by the operation.


vcover Message # 17234:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-library' option without the '-du' option.
To avoid this warning, either remove the '-library' option or add the '-du' option followed with
the DU/package of interest in the command line.


vcover Message # 17235:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-depth' option without the '-instance' option.
To avoid this warning, either remove the '-depth' option or add the '-instance' option followed with
the instance of interest in the command line.


vcover Message # 17236:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-above'/'-below' option and the '-zero' option
simultaneously. To avoid this warning, either remove the '-above'/'-below' option or
remove the '-zero' option from the command line.


vcover Message # 17237:
This warning appears when the user uses some options more than once.
Check Questa Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17238:
This error appears when the user fails to provide a ranking metric (aggregate|total)
after 'metric' option.
To avoid, provide either aggregate or total after the 'metric' option.


vcover Message # 17239:
This error appears when the user uses the 'parallelism' option on windows platform.
This option is not supported on windows yet.


vcover Message # 17240:
This error appears when the user fails to provide the algorithm to be used(greedy, quick).
To avoid, provide either greedy or quick after the 'algorithm' option.


vcover Message # 17299:
This warning appear when the user specifies the '-code t' option and the '-byfile' option
simultaneously. To avoid this message, either remove the toggle type in the '-code' option or
remove the '-byfile' option from the command line.


vcover Message # 17300:
vcover needs the support of other executables to do its job.
Check if the refered file in executable.


vcover Message # 17301:
vcover needs the support of other executables to do its job.
This error appears when vcover fails to start a process to run the refered file.


vcover Message # 17302:
This error appears when a wrong argument/command is passed to vcover command.
Check your command and documention for valid vcover options/commands.
You can also run 'vcover -help' to get a help message contains all supported options/commands.


vcover Message # 17303:
vcover subcommands (testname/attribute/dump) expects a single ucdb file. Check your command.


vcover Message # 17304:
This error appears when the user fails to provide an invalid file path
in the command line.
To avoid this error:
 1) make sure that the file path provided exists.
 2) moke sure that the current user have read access to the provided file.
 3) make sure that the file isn't corrupted or empty.


vcover Message # 17305:
vcover dump has a maximum canonical depth of 1024.
Check the command refrence manual.


vcover Message # 17306:
vcover failed to open/create output file.
Check if you have write access to the specified output file.


vcover Message # 17307:
This error appears when the user uses an option that requires an input argument
without specifying any arguments.
Check Questa Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17308:
This error appears when the user specifies invalid or ambiguous options.
Check the help message or the Questa Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17309:
This error appears when vcover fails to parse the ranktest file. Please, check if:  1) file exists.
  2) you have read access to the file.
  3) file format is correct.


vcover Message # 17310:
The UCDB file was produce with an old version of Questa that is no more supported in newer versions.
To avoid this error , use UCDB file produced by Questa 4.0 or higher.


vcover Message # 17311:
'-anyselected|-allselected' may be used once in each command line.
Return to the Command Refrence Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17312:
This error appears when the user doesn't specify a UCDB file in the vcover command.
Add the UCDB file in your command and re-run it.
Note that some vcover subcommands can accept multiple input UCDB files.
    'vcover ranktest/merge <options> {<UCDB file 1> ... <UCDB file N>}'
Return to Questa Command Reference for more details.


vcover Message # 17313:
This error appears when the user forgets to add '-trend' in the command line for a trend UCDB file.
Add '-trend' to the command to generate trend report.


vcover Message # 17314:
This error appears when the user adds -trend in the command line for a non-trend UCDB file.
Remove -trend from the command to avoid this error.


vcover Message # 17315:
vcover failed to open/create the specified file for writing.
Check that the current user has a write access to the target file/directory.


vcover Message # 17316:
This error appears when applying rank command on 'totals merged' or 'trend' UCDB file.
Ranktest command can be applied only on 'testassociated' and 'non-merged' UCDB files.
So, re-merge the source UCDB files again using the 'testassociated' switch.


vcover Message # 17317:
This error appears when applying rank command on 'totals merged' and 'trend' UCDB file.
Ranktest command can be applied only on 'testassociated'/'non-merged' UCDB files.


vcover Message # 17318:
This error appears when vcover ranktrest has a merged input UCDB file.
Ranktest command can be applied only on 'testassociated'/'non-merged' UCDB files.
So, re-merge the source UCDB files again using the 'testassociated' switch.


vcover Message # 17319:
This error appears when these options (-error,-fatal,-warning,-note,-suppress)
are used in a wrong way.
These options should be followed with a single msg number or a comma separated list of numbers.


vcover Message # 17320:
This error appears when '-goal' is followed by non-real number.
To avoid this error, correct the goal percentage value.


vcover Message # 17321:
This error appears when the user fails to provide a valid float number after 'maxcpu' option.
To avoid, provide a valid float after the 'maxcpu' option.


vcover Message # 17322:
This error appears when the user fails to provide a valid integer number
after '-maxtests/-weight' option.
To avoid, provide a valid integer after these option.


vcover Message # 17323:
This error appears when the user tries to rank iteratively a test associated merged UCDB file.
Note that options '-iterative' and '-testassociated' are mutually exclusive.


vcover Message # 17324:
This error appears when the user tries to a number of UCDB files in viewcov mode.
In viewcov mode, coverage rank will work only on the opened UCDB files.
So, 'coverage ranktest' won't accept input UCDB files.


vcover Message # 17325:
This error appears when the user provides an invalid goal/weight coverage type.
Valid values for <coverage_type> are:
  -assertion, -assertfailure, -cvg, -directive, -code {b | c | e | f | s | t} or -codeAll


vcover Message # 17326:
This error appears when the user uses one of these options
(-goal, -weight, -assertion, -assertfailures, -cvg, -directive, -codeAll or -code)
whithout the '-metric aggregate' option.
Refer to the Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17327:
This error appears when the user uses one of these options
(-path, -du, -plansection, or -testassociated)
whithout the '-metric total' option.
Refer to the Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17328:
This error appear when the user tries to apply ranktest with '-plansection' option
on a UCDB file that doesn't contain a testplan.
To avoid, create a testplan UCDB file and use it in the ranktest command.


vcover Message # 17329:
This error appear when the user uses '-plansection', '-path' and '-du'
and the tool couldn't find this path in the UCDB file.
To avoid, make sure that the provided path is correct.


vcover Message # 17330:
This error appears because vcover failed to create a temporary file needed for the operation.
To avoid this error:
  1) For windows users, make sure that the current user has write access to the working directory.
  2) For Unix users, make sure that the current user has write access to '/usr/tmp/' directory.


vcover Message # 17331:
This error appears when the user applies vcover remove on a ucdb file
because it doesn't have any test record.
Check if the input ucdb file is a testplan only ucdb file.
vcover remove can't be applied to such files.


vcover Message # 17332:
This error appears when the user uses an option that requires other options in the same command.
Check Questa Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17333:
This error appears when the user uses multually exclusive options together in the same command.
Check Questa Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17334:
This error appears when the user uses '-details=' without adding the coverage types
he/she is interested in. To avoid this error, either uses '-details' to specify all the types or
use '-details=[abcdefgst]' to specify the types interested in.


vcover Message # 17335:
This error appears when the user uses both the '-dynamic' and '-trend' option in html report.
These two options are mutually exclusive.
To avoid this error, use only one of these two option at a time accordunbg to your interest.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17336:
This error appears when the user uses the '-dynamic' option with the 'coverage report' command.
To avoid this error, replace the 'coverage report' with 'vcover report' in your command.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17337:
This error appears when the user uses the '-du' option with the '-pa' option.
'-du' and '-pa' are mutually exclusive.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17338:
This error appears when the user uses the -lang option with the vcover report without
specifying the language of interest for assertions. Acceptable languages are sva, psl, vhdl.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17339:
This error appears when the user uses the '-recursive' option and the '-srcfile'
or '-plansection' option simultanously in the vcover report. These options are mutually exclusive.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17340:
This error appears when the user uses the '-byfile' option in the vcover trend report.
'-byfile' mode is not acceptable in trend reports.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17341:
This error appears when the user doesn't specify the trend report mode.
Acceptable modes are '-byinstance', '-bydu' and '-byplan'.
Note that '-byfile' mode is not acceptable in trend reports.
Return to QuestaSim Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 17342:
This error appears when the user uses the '-inst' option and the '-noinstance' option
simultaneously. To avoid this error, either remove the '-inst' option or
the '-noinstance' option from the command line.


vcover Message # 17343:
This error appears when the user uses the '-du' option and the '-nodu' option simultaneously.
To avoid this error, either remove the '-du' option or the '-nodu' option
from the command line.


vcover Message # 17344:
This warning appears when the user uses invalid character in option argument.
The supported characters for this option are:
    e: For error tests
    f: For fatal error tests
    p: For pass tests
    t: For total number of tests
    w: For warning tests


vcover Message # 17345:
This warning appears when the user specifies more recent date in the -from argument than
the date specified in the -to argument.


vcover Message # 17346:
If the sample range is specified using -from and -to options then specifying -numsamples
option does not make sense as the number of samples is decided by the -from and -to options.
So it is not allowed to use the -numsamples option when both the -from and -to arguments
are specified.


vcover Message # 17347:
vcover parallelmerge failed to execute one or more parallel merge
processes successfully. Error message would show logfile name for
each failed process. Check the content of logfile to find out reason
for failure. Use -verbose[=all] option to get more detailed output
from parallel merge processes.


vcover Message # 17348:
UCDB files with version numbers prior to Questa 10.0 may not diff correctly.


vcover Message # 17349:
No installation directory was found while attempting to locate
the user-supplied rules file.


vcover Message # 17350:
There was an issue in the vcover diff arguments.


vcover Message # 17351:
There was an error in the vcover diff arguments.


vcover Message # 17352:
Unrecognized vcover diff input option.


vcover Message # 17353:
The vcover 'diff' function requires two input file arguments.


vcover Message # 17354:
vcover 'diff' was unable to open an input file.
The file may be unavailable, corrupted, or not a UCDB file.


vcover Message # 17355:
vcover 'diff' was unable to create a file for its output.
This may be a temporary or user-specified file.
Check user permissions, disk quotas, etc.


vcover Message # 17356:
The vcover 'diff' command was unable to open a rules file for reading.
This may have been a default or user-specified rules file.
Check file existence, user permissions, etc.


vcover Message # 17357:
The vcover diff -do option is passed to the vsim GUI and otherwise not used.


vcover Message # 17358:
The vcover 'diff' command was unable to open the specified 'do' file.


vcover Message # 17359:
Nothing to triage.


vcover Message # 17360:
-logfile and -l are equivalent options to set the log file.
An argument logfile name is required.


vcover Message # 17361:
The testplan rule is invalid.


vcover Message # 17362:
The rule requires an argument


vcover Message # 17363:
The coverage item has no matching design unit.


vcover Message # 17364:
Incorrect date value specified.


vcover Message # 17365:
A path separator must be a character from the set -=;~!@%^&+|:/.


vcover Message # 17366:
The same file cannot be used as an input and output file.


vcover Message # 17367:
Unable to open a UCDB file in read streaming mode. Check permissions etc.


vcover Message # 17368:
A merge problem terminated the merge.


vcover Message # 17369:
Port number of the server was not specified.


vcover Message # 17370:
Use -servermode or define environment variable 'BROWSER'.


vcover Message # 17371:
More than one file name specified.


vcover Message # 17372:
Some vcover features require a license. Please contact support


vcover Message # 17373:
The option you specified is no longer supported.


vcover Message # 17374:
An input file was missing and has been ignored.


vcover Message # 17375:
The master file must be a UCDB file.


vcover Message # 17376:
No Questa Verification Management (qvman) license found.
Testplan data will not be included in the report.


vcover Message # 17377:
Check documentation for valid merge levels.


vcover Message # 17378:
Empty file ignored.


vcover Message # 17379:
Check documentation for valid merge level specification.


vcover Message # 17380:
Check documentation for valid merge level specification.


vcover Message # 17381:
The -f option was removed from vcover for consistency with vsim.


vcover Message # 17382:
An output file to merge into is required for vcover merge.


vcover Message # 17383:
Coverstore files are not compatible with trend merges.


vcover Message # 17384:
Coverstore files are not compatible with -preservetestcounts.


vcover Message # 17385:
The vcover merge command expects one or more input files to merge.


vcover Message # 17386:
Unable to find the specified file.


vcover Message # 17387:
The specified file is empty.


vcover Message # 17388:
No matching coverage data was found.


vcover Message # 17389:
Incorrect argument format. Please check command usage.


vcover Message # 17390:
A test name is required. Please check command usage.


vcover Message # 17391:
The specified argument is required. Please check command usage.


vcover Message # 17392:
The same file cannot be used as an input and output file.


vcover Message # 17393:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 17394:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 17395:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 17396:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 17397:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 17398:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 17399:
Corrupt or unreadable file ignored.


vsim-systemc Message # 17400:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17401:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17402:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17403:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17404:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17405:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17406:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17407:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17408:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17409:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17410:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17411:
The experimental feature SC_ENABLE_SIMULATION_PHASE_CALLBACKS is not supported.


vsim-systemc Message # 17412:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17413:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17414:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17415:
There is a value mismatch for the generic/parameter between the vopt and vsim elaboration.
Probable causes of the mismatch are:
o Changes made to the SystemC source and re-compiling the SystemC sources without re-compiling
  the HDL.
o Generated generic/parameter type mismatch between vopt and vsim elaboration.


vsim-systemc Message # 17416:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17417:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17418:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17419:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17420:
There is no additional information for this message.


vsim-systemc Message # 17421:
There is a mismatch for the ScSignalWriteCheck setting between the modelsim.ini variable and
environment variable SC_SIGNAL_WRITE_CHECK. Please set the modelsim.ini variable ScSignalWriteCheck
to the desired setting.


vsim-systemc Message # 17422:
The HDL generic/parameter value could not be computed correctly for some reason. Default initial
value in the SystemC module will be used to elaborate the hierarchy. Correct value will be computed
at vsim time. If it is different than the default value used in vopt, hierarchy may not elaborate
correctly in vopt.


vsim-systemc Message # 17423:
The simulator suppresses all the SystemC IEEE 1666 deprecation warnings by default. modelsim.ini
variable ScShowIeeeDeprecationWarnings needs to be enabled to see the suppressed warnings.


vsim-systemc Message # 17424:
An active specify path could not be found for an output transition
and there were inputs changing simulatenously.  This could cause conditions
to evaluate false and a zero delay to be used. This warning is due to the specification
of the -glseval simuconddc switch and is suppressible.
[DOC: QuestaSim Command Reference - vsim command]


vsim-systemc Message # 17425:
An unsupported DPI-SC import call is detected. Please refer to the
description of "verror 13378" for potential workarounds.


vsim-systemc Message # 17426:
HDL instances in the before_end_of_elaboration() callbacks are not allowed.
Move the instantiation to the SystemC module constructor.


vsim-systemc Message # 17427:
The simulator does not support calls to async_request_update() in the elaboration and simulation
callbacks.


vsim-systemc Message # 17428:
In order to enable support for the async_request_update() functionality for sc_prim_channel(s),
invoke vsim with the '-scasyncupdate' option.


vsim-systemc Message # 17429:
The simulator does not support calls to async_attach_suspending(), async_detach_suspending()
and async_suspend() calls.


vlog-ams Message # 18001:
Aliasparam is not associated with a parameter
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.4.7]


vlog-ams Message # 18002:
Aliasparam is associated with a parameter which does not exist.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.4.7]


vlog-ams Message # 18003:
Attribute access and units can't be overriden.
It is illegal for a derived nature to change the access attribute
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1- Section 3.6.1.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18004:
Attribute abstol , access and units must always be defined in a nature.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.1.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18005:
Either Flow/Potential binding has not been defined for Discipline and tried to use them.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18006:
Multiple definitions of Flow/Potential/Domain binding for a discipline.
Multiple definitions of same nature is not allowed in discipline
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18007:
Trying to override an attribute inside discipline whose flow/potential binding does not exist.
To override the value of bound nature for the predefined attributes
from discipline, the bound nature and attribute needs to be defined
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2.5]


vlog-ams Message # 18008:
Nature attribute declarations inside a discipline is forbidden.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18009:
The net does not have continuous discipline.
References to branches require that the branch terminals
belong to a continuous discipline
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.5.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18010:
Nature used as potential is now used as flow.
Conservative disciplines shall not have the same nature
specified for both the potential and the flow
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18011:
Discrete discipline cannot have both flow and potential nature binding.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 7.2.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18012:
A Discipline cannot have same nature referred to both flow and potential.
Conservative disciplines shall not have the same nature
specified for both the potential and the flow.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18013:
Terminal does not have continuous discipline.
Usgae of discrete discipline in brach is not allowed.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18014:
Terminals of a branch have incompatible potential/flow nature.
For implicit branch nets nature shall be compatible.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.12 and 3.11.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18015:
A branch with scalar terminals cannot have a range.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.12 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18016:
Terminal vector sizes are incompatible.
Branch terminals vector sizes shall be compatible
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.12]


vlog-ams Message # 18017:
Nature/Discipline/Symbol with that name has not been defined.
Binding nature in a discipline shall be defined.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18018:
It is not an valid nature access identifier for the net or branch or implicit branch.
The name of the access function for a signal is taken from
the discipline of the net, port, or branch where the signal or port is associated.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18019:
Non scalar terminal in implicit branch.
The net identifiers shall be scalar or resolve to a constant
net of a composite net type (array or bus) accessed by a genvar expression.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18020:
Only 'abstol', 'units'and 'user defined attributes'should be used as attribute reference
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 -  Section 5.5.3]


vlog-ams Message # 18021:
The nature does not have a nature attribute identifier defined with that name.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.5.3]


vlog-ams Message # 18022:
It is not a valid net identifier.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.3]


vlog-ams Message # 18023:
Symbol is already defined in this scope.
Invalid signal access function name.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18024:
Only Real and Integer Variables are allowed in paramset.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 6.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18025:
Only one default per case statement allowed.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.8.3]


vlog-ams Message # 18026:
Branch cannot be created on the terminals.
The terminals are either not analog nets or they do not have compatible discipline.
The disciplines for the specified nets of a branch shall be compatible.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.12 and 3.11.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18027:
Declaring attributes with same name multiple times is not valid.
[DOC : Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.1.3]


vlog-ams Message # 18028:
If this is a Verilog-AMS design, compile using the -vams switch.


vlog-ams Message # 18029:
Unsupported syntax of Verilog-AMS is used in this design.
Dynamic range for Parameter array is not supported.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18030:
Named Blocks are not allowed inside an paramset.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 6.4.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18031:
Single value range expression not allowed for from expression
in value range expression in parameter declaration in Verilog-AMS


vlog-ams Message # 18032:
Nature used as flow is now used as potential.
Conservative disciplines shall not have the same nature specified for
both the potential and the flow.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.2.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18033:
Branch terminal dimensions are incompatible with branch dimensions.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.12]


vlog-ams Message # 18034:
Non Scalar '%s' reference in probe function call.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18035:
Branch already contributed on cannot be indirectly assigned.
Indirect contribution statements is incompatible with direct
contribution statements across the same pair of analog nets.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.6.7.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18036:
Branch indirectly assigned cannot be contributed on.
Indirect contribution statements is incompatible with direct
contribution statements across the same pair of analog nets.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.6.7.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18037:
Contribution on input terminal is forbidden.
Contributions cannot be made to an analog port declared with an input direction.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.6.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18038:
Hierarchical contributions are not allowed to branches that have been indirectly contributed to.
[DOC: Verilog-AMS LRM 2.4 - Section 5.6.8.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18039:
Analog port expected in port probe function call.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.5.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18040:
Cannot contribute to potential or flow of port branch.
potential or flow contribution/access to port branch is not allowed.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18041:
Cannot access potential of port branch.
potential or flow contribution/access to port branch is not allowed
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18042:
Branch reference must appear alone in signal list.
Accessing the branch, Branch reference must appear alone in signal list.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 4.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18043:
Access Functions,Analog operators are not allowed inside an
analog and digital initial block.
Named Blocks are forbidden inside analog functions.
Analog operators forbidden in analog event control statements.
Analog operators/events forbidden in conditional statements with nonconstant condition.
[DOC:Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.8.4]


vlog-ams Message # 18044:
Base type of hierarchical net identifier declaration should be a discipline type.


vlog-ams Message # 18045:
Illegal branch/aliasparam reference.
If it is aliasparam use the parameter instead.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.4.7]


vlog-ams Message # 18046:
wreal nets cannot be scalared or vectored[DOC: Verilog ams LRM - Section 3.7]


vlog-ams Message # 18047:
Verilog Syntax Error.


vlog-ams Message # 18048:
Paramsets,Connectrules and Connectmodules DUs are  not supported.
Novopt Flow for Verilog-AMS DUs is not supported.


vlog-ams Message # 18049:
Potential of self-referenced branch will always be zero.


vlog-ams Message # 18050:
Error in `default_transition directive. Expected
integer or real number or infinite.


vlog-ams Message # 18051:
The constant expression assigned to abstol shall evaluate to a real value.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.6.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18052:
Port probe Function call cannot be called on hierarchical identifier.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.5.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18053:
Analog operators are not allowed inside an initial-block.


vlog-ams Message # 18054:
Unresolved type of attribute.


vlog-ams Message # 18055:
Multiple dimensions are not allowed for branch declaration in Verilog-AMS.


vlog-ams Message # 18056:
Only one genvar assignment is allowed in analog loop generate block


vlog-ams Message # 18057:
Analog contribution forbidden in event control statement.


vlog-ams Message # 18058:
It is already declared as a discipline_type.


vlog-ams Message # 18059:
Value range expression for parameters is supported only in Verilog-AMS.


vlog-ams Message # 18060:
It is already defined as a discipline type in this scope.


vlog-ams Message # 18061:
It is not a valid access function identifier.


vlog-ams Message # 18062:
Verilog-AMS modules/paramsets/connectrules (vlog -vams) cannot be used in non-symphony flow.


vlog-ams Message # 18063:
Items cannot be declared inside Connectrules.


vlog-ams Message # 18064:
Ground node cannot be declared as a port.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog-ams Message # 18065:
A Digital nets cannot have continuous discipline.


vlog-ams Message # 18066:
Illegal parameter assignment of real/integer value to a string parameter or viceversa.


vlog-ams Message # 18067:
The type of string parameter is not specified in the declaration.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 3.4.1 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18068:
Base type for hierarchical net identifier was not resolved.


vlog-ams Message # 18069:
Digital values cannot be accessed from the analog initial block.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.2.1 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18070:
Declaration of Unpacked Port Arrays in Verilog-AMS is not supported.


vlog-ams Message # 18071:
It is not an appropriate hierarchical system parameter associated to aliasparam.


vlog-ams Message # 18072:
LHS of an analog procedural assignment should always be a scalar, integer, real, or a string;
or an element of same.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.4 - Section 5.7 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18073:
LHS of analog procedural assignment should be either a scalar, integer, real, or string;
or an element of same.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.4 - Section 5.7 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18074:
Concatenation expressions cannot be used as part of the
analog_expression inside analog procedural assignment.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.7 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18075:
Hierarchical assignment of a variable from another scope/module is not allowed
as lhs of analog procedural assignment.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 5.7 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18076:
A scalar terminal(analog node) cannot have a index/range.


vlog-ams Message # 18077:
Invalid port/branch probe function call because of invalid access function.


vlog-ams Message # 18078:
Branch declaration should always be done on valid analog nets.


vlog-ams Message # 18079:
An unrecognized analysis argument was encountered.  This is not an error,
as the LRM does not specify a complete list of analysis types. Each simulator
may support unique analysis types.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.4 - Section 4.6.1 ]


vlog-ams Message # 18080:
Access of discrete bit groupings with greater than 31 bits is illegal.
[DOC: Verilog ams LRM 2.3.1 - Section 7.3.1]


vlog-ams Message # 18081:
Variables of real or integer type can only be driven either from continuos or from discrete context.
It is illegal to drive these from both analog and digital contexts.


vlog-ams Message # 18082:
The first expression in the range shall be numerically smaller than the second expression
in the range.
[DOC: Verilog-AMS LRM 2.4 - Section 3.4.2]


vlog-ams Message # 18083:
Untyped parameter arrays are only supported in Verilog-AMS, and then only as an LRM extension.
When this error is suppressed, parameter type would be considered logic.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog-ams Message # 18084:
A ground declaration must be associated with an already declared net of continuous discipline.
[DOC: Verilog AMS LRM 2.4 - Section 3.6.4]

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog-ams Message # 18085:
The syntax for this generate construct is obsolete, and support will be removed in a future release.
See the LRM for supported generate syntax.  [DOC: Verilog AMS LRM 2.4 - Section G.2.3]


vlog-ams Message # 18086:
Event control statement forbidden in another event control statement.


vlog-ams Message # 18087:
In Verilog AMS max/min/abs functions type of argument should be one of following -
a) Analog or digital real type variable
b) Analog or digital integer type variable
c) Potenetial/flow of continuous discipline type node
If type of argument is other than any of above it is not supported.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog-ams Message # 18088:
Spice built-in device can only be instantiated inside verilog-AMS. You can provide
your own definition for this module and run simulation again.

This message will be downgraded to a warning with the -permissive argument.
This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

vlog-ams Message # 18089:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog-ams Message # 18090:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog-ams Message # 18091:
One of the following conflicting combination of compilation options are used in 'vlog' command
a)Conflicting options '-vams' and '-sv' used for compilation.
b)Conflicting options '-vams' and '-vlog01compat' used for compilation.


vlog-ams Message # 18092:
The first argument of function 'white_noise' and the first and second arguments
of function 'flicker_noise' must be numerical values.


vlog-ams Message # 18093:
The second argument of function 'white_noise' and the third argument
of function 'flicker_noise' must be a string literal.


vlog-ams Message # 18094:
There is no additional information for this message.


vlog-ams Message # 18095:
There is no additional information for this message.


vcover Message # 19000:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19001:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19002:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19003:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19004:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19005:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19006:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19007:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19008:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19009:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19010:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19011:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19012:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19013:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19014:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19015:
Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19016:
Please specify -hostlist with a list of hostnames.


vcover Message # 19017:
Could not open the specified file for read. Check file existence and permissions.


vcover Message # 19018:
Unsupported grid type.


vcover Message # 19019:
Windows environment is not supported for these options.


vcover Message # 19020:
Files are used in merge even if the test status is not determined.


vcover Message # 19021:
A trend database file cannot be used in a regular merge. Please check command syntax.


vcover Message # 19022:
Design tags must match for merge.


vcover Message # 19023:
Invalid back-link tag.


vcover Message # 19024:
Attribute used in rule not found.


vcover Message # 19025:
The only valid string attribute rule operators are EQ, NE, or REGEXP.


vcover Message # 19026:
The attribute used in the rule must be a number.


vcover Message # 19027:
An invalid number of tests was specified.


vcover Message # 19028:
The only valid operator when all tests are specified is "eq".


vcover Message # 19029:
A specified object, test, instance, or design unit, was not found.


vcover Message # 19030:
This rule requires a formal test.


vcover Message # 19031:
Check rule syntax.


vcover Message # 19032:
Check rule syntax.


vcover Message # 19033:
Check rule syntax.


vcover Message # 19034:
Check rule syntax.


vcover Message # 19035:
Check rule syntax.


vcover Message # 19036:
When a test is not found, a potential test is created.


vcover Message # 19037:
Supply the desired value to the specified option.


vcover Message # 19038:
The vcover application has a read-only restriction on its input databases.


vcover Message # 19039:
The '-annotate' option is used and there is no access to some of source files.


vcover Message # 19040:
Check command syntax. For example, functional coverage exclusion may be
inferred from presence of '-cvgpath' or '-assertpath'.


vcover Message # 19041:
The 'coverage save' command is ignored when vsim is invoked with '-coverstore' switch.


vcover Message # 19042:
No matching item found.


vcover Message # 19043:
Specified input (design unit or source file or instance or coverpoint/cross) was not found.


vcover Message # 19044:
The specified option is not supported in simulation mode, only viewcov mode.


vcover Message # 19045:
No matching path found.


vcover Message # 19046:
No code coverage data found.


vcover Message # 19047:
The UCDB file has no trend data in it.


vcover Message # 19048:
Attributes having the same name must have the same type to be trendable.


vcover Message # 19049:
The specified attribute is non-trendable in the other UCDB file.


vcover Message # 19050:
The feature is deprecated and may be ignored. It may be removed from future releases.
Please refrain from using this feature.


vcover Message # 19051:
The -attribute option requires an attribute name.


vcover Message # 19052:
Check for spelling mistakes.


vcover Message # 19053:
This option is deprecated and will be ignored. It will be removed from future releases.
Please refrain from using this option.


vcover Message # 19054:
When specifying an ineteger limit using '-testhitdata=<integer>' option,
make sure that the '=' sign is followed by a valid non-zero integer value.


vcover Message # 19055:
The '-adaptive' option was not passed to 'vopt' or 'vsim'.


vcover Message # 19056:
The option is deprecated and may be ignored. It will be removed from future releases.
Please refrain from using this option.


vcover Message # 19057:
The option is deprecated and ignored as it is no longer applicable.
It may be removed from future releases.


vcover Message # 19058:
This warning appears when the user specifies the '-multibitverbose' option
without the '-details' option. To avoid this warning,
either remove the '-multibitverbose' option or add the '-details' option.


vcover Message # 19059:
Some vcover features isn't supported in Personal Edition. Please contact support.


vcover Message # 19060:
Personal Edition doesn't support verification plan feature. Please contact support.


vcover Message # 19061:
This warning appears when the user specifies an instance or design uit or source file
and a coverpoint/cross (-cvp) in the report command.
To avoid this warning, avoid using '-instance' or '-du' or '-srcfile' or '-plansection'
and '-cvp' simultaneously. The latest of the two options will prevail if both are used.


vcover Message # 19062:
This warning appears when the user specifies an instance or design uit or
source file and a coverpoint/cross (-cvp) with testplan section
in the report command. To avoid this warning, avoid using '-instance' or '-du' or '-srcfile'
or '-cvp' and '-plansection' simultaneously.
The latest of the two options will prevail if both are used.


vcover Message # 19063:
This note appears when the user specified an option which functionality is changed from the
previous release. For avoiding inconvenience, please refer to the reference manual.


vcover Message # 19064:
The -testhitdata option may only be used with
a file created by a vcover merge -testassociated.


vcover Message # 19065:
In viewcov mode, the test association data is not loaded by default.
Hence, before running commands/options that requires such data,
the user has to run "coverage loadtestassoc" command first.


vcover Message # 19066:
This warning appears when the user specifies '-details' or '-verbose' or '-showexcluded' option
and the '-recursive' option simultaneously.
To avoid this warning, either remove the invalid option or remove the '-summary' option from
the command line.


vcover Message # 19067:
This note appears when finding a cross with a large number of CVPs exceeding the allowed
maximum number for the compact view feature.
So the feature is disabled automatically.


vcover Message # 19068:
This warning appears when reports for specific coverage types are requested while
specifying a report type where coverage types are not supported.


vcover Message # 19069:
This warning appears when the user uses multually exclusive options together in the same command.
Check Questa Command Reference Manual for more details.


vcover Message # 19070:
This warning appears when finding a cross with a large number of cross bins exceeding the allowed
maximum number of cross bins.


vcover Message # 19071:
This warning appears when finding UDP conditions/expressions coverage data.
UDP coverage data is deprecated.


vcover Message # 19072:
Coverstore merging with UCDB not supported. Please check the usage.


vcover Message # 19073:
Unexpected behavior occured while merging/reporting the specfied cross.


mxelab Message # 19400:
This error occurs at creation of a library by mxelab, when the path for
 the library already exists and is a regular folder (not a library).


mxelab Message # 19401:
This error occurs at creation of a library by mxelab, when the path for
 the library is already a user-defined library.


mxelab Message # 19402:
This warning appears when mxelab wants to map a library having already a different mapping.
It also displays the new mapping for the library.


mxelab Message # 19403:
This note is used by mxelab to provide a library mapping information.


mxelab Message # 19404:
Presently when a Verilog-AMS module is instantiated inside other module/entity and
its port is connected to different types in different instantiations, is not supported.


mxelab Message # 19405:
In Verilog-AMS part-select of real/integer variable can not tranferred across
analog/digital domains.

This error message can be suppressed or downgraded to a note or warning.

mxelab Message # 19406:
Either the value does not satisfy the constraints of the subtype of the
generic, or the value is not of the type of the generic.

